Cambridge IELTS 4

Examination papers from
University of Cambridge
ESOL Examinations:
English for Speakers
of Other Languages

.. :·:.. CAMBRIDGE

   ,:: UNIVERSITY PRESS
CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY PRESS

Cambridge, New York, Melbourne, Madrid, Cape:Town, Singapore, Siio Paulo

Cambridge University Press
The Edinburgh Building, Cambridge CB2 2RU, UK

www.cambridge. org

© Ca mbridge University Press 2005

It is normally necessary for written permission for copying to be obtained in
advance from a publisher. The candidate answer sheets at the back Qf this
book are designed to be copied and distributed in class. The normal
requirements are waived here and it is not necessary to write to

Cambridge University Press for permission for an individual teacher to make
copies for use within his or her own classroom. Only those pages which carry

the wording '© UCLES 2005IQ@bt!t.hlE1DrJ' may be copied.

First published 2005
Printed in China by Golden Cup Printing Co. Ltd .

A catalogue recordfor this book is available from the British Library

ISBN-13 978-0-521-54462-7 Student's Book with answers
ISBN-10 0-521-54462-9 Student's Book with answers

lSBN -13 978-0-52 1-54464-1 Cassette Set
ISBN-10 0-521-54464-5 Cassette Set

ISBN-13 978-0-521 -54465-8 Audio CD Set
ISBN-10 0-521-54465-3 Audio CD Set

ISBN- 13 978-0-521-54463-4 Self-study Pack
ISBN-10 0-521-54463-7 Self-study Pack

ISBN-13   978-0-521-67273-3 Self-study Pack China Edition
ISBN- 10  0-521-67273-2 Self-study Pack China Edition
          (This special edition is for sale in mainland China only. It is not for
          sale in Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan .)
                      Contents

Introduction ······· ·······································. ··.... .......... ( 4 )

Test 1 ..................................................................... ( 10 )

Test 2 ..................................................................... ( 34)

Test 3 ·· · ·· · ·· ·· · ·· · ·· · ·· · ··· ·· · ·· · · ·· ·· · ·· · · · · ·· · ·· · ·· · ·· · · · ·· ·· · · · · ·· ·· · · ( 57 )
Test 4 · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ( 81 )
General Training: Reading and Writing Test A · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ( 103)
General Training: Reading and Writing Test B · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · (116)
Audio Scripts · · ·· · ·· · ·· · ·· · ·· · ·· · · · · ·· · ·· · · · ·· ·· ·· · ·· ··· · ·· · ·· ·· · ··· · ·· ·· ( 130)
Answer Key · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ( 152)
Model and Sample Answers for Writing Tasks ·· · ·· ·· ·· ·· · · · ·· · ··· · ( 162)
Sample Answer Sheets · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·· · · · · · · · · ( 174)
Acknowledgements · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ( 176)
Introduction

The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) is widely recognised as a
reliable means of assessing whether candidates are ready to study or train in the medium of
English. These Practice Tests are designed to give future IELTS candidates an idea of
whether their English is at the required level.

   IELTS is owned by three partners, the University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations, the
British Council and lOP Education Australia {through its subsidiary company, IELTS
Australia Pty Limited).

   Further information on IELTS can be found in the IELTS Handbook, available free of
charge from IELTS centres.

WHAT IS THE TEST FORMAT?

IELTS consists of six modules. All candidates take the same Listening and Speaking
modules. There is a choice of Reading and Writing modules according to whether a
candidate is taking the Academic or General Training version of the test.

   Academic                                     General Training
   For candidates taking the test for entry to  For candidates taking the test for entry to
   undergraduate or postgraduate studies or     vocational or training programmes not at
   for professional reasons.                    degree level, for admission to secondary
                                                schools and for immigration purposes.

The test modules are taken in the following order:

                              Llsteaing
                         4 sections. 40 items

                             30 minutes

   Ac:ademk: Reading                                ~neral Ti-amlng Reading
   3 sections. 40 items
                                                OR  3 sections. 40 items
       60minutes
                                                    60minutes
   Ac:ademlc Writing
          2 tasks                                   General TraioiDg Writing

       60 minutes                               OR  2 tasks

                                                    60 minutes

                            Speaklog
                         11 to 14 minutes

                           Total test time
                         2 hours 44 minutes

4
Listening

This module consists of four sections, each with 10 questions. The first two sections are
concerned with social needs. There is a conversation between two speakers and then a
monologue. The final two sections are concerned with situations related to educational or
training contexts. There is a conversation between up to four people and then a monologue.

   A variety of question types is used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/form/table/summary/flow-chart/timetable completion, labelling a
diagram/plan/map, classification, matching.

   Candidates hear the recording once only and answer the questions as they listen. Ten
minutes are allowed at the end for candidates to transfer their answers to the answer sheet.

Academic Reading

This module consists of three sections with 40 questions. There are three reading passages,
which are taken from magazines, journals, books and newspapers. The passages are on topics
of general interest. At least one text contains detailed logical argument.

   A variety of question types is used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/summary/flow-chart/table completion, labelling a diagram,
classification, matching, choosing suitable paragraph headings from a list, identification of
writer's views/claims - yes, no, not given - or identification of information in the text - true,
false, not given.

General Training Reading

This module consists of three sections with 40 questions. The texts are taken from notices,
advertisements, leaflets, newspapers, instruction manuals, books and magazines. The first
section contains texts relevant to basic linguistic survival in English, with tasks mainly
concerned with providing factual information. The second section focuses on the training
context and involves texts of more complex language. The third section involves reading
more extended texts, with a more complex structure, but with the emphasis on descriptive
and instructive rather than argumentative texts.

   Various question types are used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/summary/flow-chart/table completion, labelling a diagram,
classification, matching. choosing suitable paragraph headings from a list, identification of
writer's views/claims - yes, no, not given - or identification of information in the text - true,
false, not given.

Academic Writing

This module consists of two tasks. It is suggested that candidates spend about 20 minutes on
Task 1, which requires them to write at least 150 words, and 40 minutes on Task 2, which
requires them to write at least 250 words. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in
marking than Task 1.

   Task 1 requires candidates to look at a diagram or some data (graph, table or chart) and
to present the information in their own words. They may be assessed on their ability to
organise, present and possibly compare data, describe the stages of a process, describe an
object or event, or explain how something works.

                                                                                                              5
     In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view. argument or problem. They are
  assessed on their ability to present a solution to the problem, present and justify an opinion.
 compare and contrast evidence and opinions. and evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence or
 arguments.

     Candidates are also assessed on their ability to write in an appropriate style.

 General Training Writing

 This module consists of two tasks. It is suggested that candidates spend about 20 minutes on
 Task 1, which requires them to write at least 150 words, and 40 minutes on Task 2, which
 requires them to write at least 250 words. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in
 marking than Task 1.

    In Task 1 candidates are asked to respond to a given problem with a letter requesting
 information or explaining a situation. They are assessed on their ability to engage in
 personal correspondence, elicit and provide general factual information, express needs,
 wants, likes and dislikes, and express opinions, complaints, etc.

    In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view. argument or problem. They are
 assessed on their ability to provide general factual information, outline a problem and present a
 solution, present and justify an opinion, and evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence or arguments.

    Candidates are also assessed on their ability to write in an appropriate style.

 Speaking

 This module consists of an oral interview between the candidate and an examiner. It takes
 between 11 and 14 minutes.

 There are three parts:

 Part 1
 The candidate and the examiner introduce themselves. Candidates then answer general
 questions about themselves, their home/family, their job/studies, their interests and a wide
 range of similar familiar topic areas. This part lasts between four and five minutes.

 Part 2
 The candidate is given a task card with prompts and is asked to talk on a particular topic.
 The candidate has one minute to prepare and they can make some notes if they wish, before
 speaking for between one and two minutes. The examiner then asks one or two rounding-off
 questions.

 Part 3
 The examiner and the candidate engage in a discussion of more abstract issues which are
 thematically linked to the topic prompt in Part 2. The discussion lasts between four and five
 minutes.

· The Speaking module assesses whether candidates can communicate effectively in English.
 The assessment takes into account Fluency and Coherence, Lexical Resource, Grammatical
. Range and Accuracy. and Pronunciation.

 6
HOW IS IELTS SCORED?

IELTS results are reported on a nine-band scale. In addition to the score for overall language
ability, IELTS provides a score in the form of a profile for each of the four skills (Listening,
Reading, Writing and Speaking). These scores are also reported on a nine-band scale. All
scores are recorded on the Test Report Form along with details of the candidate's
nationality. first language and date of birth. Each Overall Band Score corresponds to a .
descriptive statement which gives a summary of the English language ability of a candidate
classified at that level. The nine bands and their descriptive statements are as follow~: · ·.

9 Expert User- Has fully operational command of the language: appropriate, accurate and
  fluent with complete understanding.

8 Very Good User- Has fully operational command of the language with only occasional
   unsystematic inaccuracies and inappropriacies. Misunderstandings may occur in unfamiliar
   situations. Handles complex detailed argumentation well.

7 Good User- Has operational command of the language, though with occasional
   inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings in some situations. Generally handles
   complex language well and understands detailed reasoning.

6 Competent User- Has generally effective command of the language despite some
   inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings. Can use and understandfairly complex
   language, particularly in familiar situations.

5 Modest User- Has partial command of the language, coping with overall meaning in most

situations, though is likely to make many mistakes. Should be able to handle basic  ·

communication in own field.

4 Limited User- Basic competence is limited to familiar situations. Has frequent problems in
   understanding and expression. Is not able to use complex language.

3 Extremely Limited User- Conveys and understands only general meaning in very familiar
   situations. Frequent breakdowns in communication occur.

2 Intermittent User- No real communication is possible except for the most basic information
   using isolated words or short formulae in familiar situations and to meet immediate needs.
   Has great difficulty understanding spoken and written English.

1 Non User- Essentially has no ability to use the language beyond possibly a few isolated
   words.

0 Did not attempt the test. -No assessable information provided.

Most universities and colleges in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Canada
accept an IELTS Overall Band Score of 6.0 or 6.5 for entry to academic programmes. IELTS
scores are recognised by over 500 universities and colleges in the USA.

                                                                                         7
MARKING THE PRACTICE TESTS

Listening and Reading

The Answer key is on pages 152-161.

Each question in the Listening and Reading modules is worth one mark.

Questions which require letter/Roman numeral answers
• For questions where the answers are letters or Roman numerals, you should write only the

   number of answers required . If you have written more letters or numerals than are
   required, the answer must be marked wrong.

Questions which require answers in the form of words or numbers
• Answers may be written in upper or lower case.
• Words in brackets are optional- they are correct, but not necessary.
• Alternative answers are separated by a single slash (!).
• If you are asked to write an answer using a certain number of words and/or (a) number(s),

   you will be penalised if you exceed this. For example, if a question specifies an answer
   using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS and the correct answer is 'black leather coat',
   the answer 'coat of black leather' is incorrect.
• In questions where you are expected to complete a gap, you should only transfer the
   necessary missing word(s) onto the answer sheet. For example, to complete 'in the .. .',
   where the correct answer is 'morning', the answer 'in the morning' would be incorrect.
• All answers require correct spelling (including words in brackets) .
• Both US and UK spelling are acceptable and are included in the Answer Key.
• All standard alternatives for numbers, dates and currencies are acceptable.
• All standard abbreviations are acceptable.
• You will find additional notes about individual questions in the Answer Key.

Writing

It is not possible for you to give yourself a mark for the Writing tasks. For Task 1 in Tests 1
and 3, and Task 2 in Tests 2 and 4 and General Training Test B we have provided model
answers (written by an examiner) at the back of the book. It is important to note that these
show just one way of completing the task, out of many possible approaches. For Task 2 in
Tests 1 and 3, and Task 1 in Tests 2 and 4 and General Training Test A, we have provided
sample answers (written by candidates), showing their score and the examiner's comments.
These model answers ~nd sample answers will give you an insight into what is required for
the Writing module.

8
HOW SHOULD YOU INTERPRET YOUR SCORES?

In the Answer Key at the end of each set of Listening and Reading answers you will find a
chart which will help you assess whether, on the basis of your Practice Test results, you are
ready to take the IELTS exam.

   In interpreting your score, there are a number of points you should bear in mind. Your
performance in the real IELTS exam will be reported in two ways: there will be a Band Score
from 1 to 9 for each of the modules and an Overall Band Score from 1 to 9, which is the
average of your scores in the four modules. However, institutions considering your
application are advised to look at both the Overall Band Score and the Band Scores for each
module in order to determine whether you have the language skills needed for a particular
course of study. For example, if your course has a lot of reading and writing. but no lectures,
listening skills might be less important and a score of 5 in Listening might be acceptable if
the Overall Band Score was 7. However, for a course which has lots of lectures and spoken
instructions. a score of 5 in Listening might be unacceptable even though the Overall Band
Score was 7.

   Once you have marked your tests you should have some idea of whether your listening and
reading skills are good enough for you to try the IELTS exam. If you did well enough in one
module but not in others, you will have to decide for yourself whether you are ready to take
the exam.

   The Practice Tests have been checked to ensure that they are of approximately the same
level of difficulty as the real IELTS exam. However, we cannot guarantee that your score in
the Practice Tests will be reflected in the real IELTS exam. The Practice Tests can only give
you an idea of your possible future performance and it is ultimately up to you to make
decisions based on your score.

   Different institutions accept different IELTS scores for different types of courses. We have
based our recommendations on the average scores which the majority of institutions accept.
The institution to which you are applying may, of course, require a higher or lower score
than most other institutions.

   Sample answers and model answers are provided for the Writing tasks. The sample
answers were written by IELTS candidates; each answer has been given a band score and the
candidate's performance is described. Please note that there are many different ways by
which a candidate may achieve a particular band score. The model answers were written by
an examiner as examples of very good answers, but it is important to understand that they
are just one example out of many possible approaches.

Further information

For more information about IELTS or any other University of Cambridge ESOL
examination write to:

University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations            Telephone: +44 1223 553311
1 Hills Road                                                  Fax: +44 1223 460278
Cambridge
CB1 2EU                                    e-mail: ESOLhelpdesk@ucles.org.uk
United Kingdom                                     http://www.cambridgeesol.org
                                                                 http://www.ielts.org

                                                                                         9
Test 1

           LISTEl\iiNG

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-4

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

        NOTES ON SOCIAL PROGRAMME

      Example                       Answer
                                       5
        Number of trips per month:

    I

    Visit pla~s which have:
                                 • historical interest

           • good 1 ... .. ....... ....... ... ......... ..

           • 2 .. ...... ......... .. ................... .

    Cos~:  between £5.00 and £15.00 per person

    Nou:   special trips organised for groups of 3 ..... .... .... .. ...

           people

    nme:   departure- 8.30 a.m .
           return - 6.00 p.m.

    To reserve a 1588~: sign name on t he 4 ........... .. ..... 3 days in advance

10
Questions 5-10

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER/or each answer.

                WEEKEND TRIPS

         Place  Date                                Namber of seats                                             Opdoul extra

St Ives         5 ............................. 16                   Hepworth Museum

London          16th February               45                       6 .. ........ ...................

7 ························ ····· 3rd March  18                       S.S. Great Britain
                                                                     Stonehenge
Salisbury       18th March                  50

Bath            23rd March                  16                       8 ...................... .......

For further information:
Read the 9 ..... .... ........ ....... .... . or see Social Assistant: Jane 10 ..................... ...... ..

                                                                                                                              11
SECTION 2 Questions 11-20

Questions 11-13

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

         RIVERSIDE INDUSTRIAL VILLAGE

11 Riverside Village was a good place to start an industry because it had water, raw
      materials and fuels such as ........................ and ... .. .... ............... .

12 The metal industry was established at Riverside Village by .................. ...... who lived
      in the area.

13 There were over .... .................... water-powered mills in the area in the eighteenth
      century.

12
Questions14:-20

Label the plan below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

                                                                        The
                                                                  17 ...............

River

~

~        The                                                                            The
 ~                                                                                    Stables
       1------1
~                                                                                       The
         20 ................
                                                                                      Works
       for the
                                                                                      Office
       workers

                The                  Entrance  The
                16 ················            15 ............... .

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 14................Road

                                                                                                                 13
SECTION 3            Question.~ 21-30

Questions 21 and 22

Choose the correct letter, A , B or C

                                                        ..

Example

Melanie could not borrow any books from the llbracy because

    A the llbrarlan was out.

    B she didn't have time to look.                              I

    () the books had already been borrowed.

21 Melanie says she has not started the assignment because

      A she was doing work for another course.
      B it was a really big assignment.
      C she hasn't spent time in the library.

22 The lecturer says that reasonable excuses for extensions are

      A planning problems.
      B problems with assignment deadlines.
      C personal illness or accident.

14
Questions 23-27

What recommendations does Dr Johnson make about the journal articles?
Choose your answers from the box and write the letters A-G next to questions 23-27.

                                         A must read
                                         B useful

                            c limited value

                                         D read first section
                                         E read research methods
                                         F read conclusion

                                              G don't read

 Example

         Jackson: 23 ........................

        Roberts: 24 ........................
        Morris: 25 ························
        Cooper: 26 ························

         Forster: 27 ........................

                                                                                                                  15
Questions 28-30

Label the chart below.

Choose your answers from the box below and write the letters A-H next to questions 28-30.

                                    Population studies
                        Reasons for changing accommodation

100~--~------------------------------------------------~

90  c            .... ...... .... . ... ..... .......... ............ ..... ............. ....... .. ... .............. ······· ···· ·····  30 ..... .

                           28 ..... .

80

                                                                    29 ... .. .
70

60

50

40
                                                                              G

30

20

10

                        2              3  4                                      5                                                          6

                                                  Possible reasons

                                          A uncooperative landlord
                                            B environment

                            c space

                                            D noisy neighbours
                                           E near city
                                           F work location
                                            G transport
                                            H rent

16
SECTION 4 Questions 31-40

Complete the notes below.

Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

             THE URBAN LANDSCAPE

    Two areae of focus:
    • the effect of vegetation on the url7an climate
     • waye of planning our 31 ........................ 17etter

     Large-ecale Impact af treee:

    • they can make cltlee more or Ieee 32 ........................

     • In eummer they can make citlee cooler

    • they can make inland cltiee more 33 ...................... ..

    Local impact of trees:
    • they can make local areae

       - more 34 ....................... .
        - cooler
        - more humid
        - Ieee windy
       - Ieee 35 ...................... ..

    Comparing treee andvulldlnge

    Temperature regulatio~:

   • treee evaporate water through their 36 ....................... .

    • 17uilding eurfacee may reach high temperatures
    Wind force:
    • tallvuildinge cauee more wind at 37 ........................ level

    • treee 38 ........................ the wind force

    No lee:
    • trees have a emall effect on traffic noiee
    • 39 ...... , ................. frec:tuency nolee paeeee through trees

    Important polnte to consider:
    • treee rBGtUire a lot of eunllght, water and 40 ........................ to grow

                                                                                                              17
                                         READING

READING PASSAGE 1

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-14 which are based on Reading Passage 1
below.

   Adults and children are frequently confronted with
    statements about the alarming rate of loss of tropical
    rainforests. For example, one graphic illustration to
   which children might readily relate is the estimate that
    rainforests are being destroyed at a rate equivalent to one
   thousand football fields every forty minutes - about the
   duration ofa normal classroom period. In the face ofthe
   frequent and often vivid media coverage, it is likely that
   children will have formed ideas about rainforests- what
   and where they are, why they are important, what endan-
   gers them- independent ofany formal tuition. It is also
   possible that some ofthese ideas will be mistaken.

      Many studies have shown that children harbour misconceptions about 'pure', cur-
   riculum science. These misconceptions do not remain isolated but become incorpo-
   rated into a multifaceted, but organised, conceptual framework, making it and the
   component ideas, some of which are erroneous, more robust but also accessible to
   modification. These ideas may be developed by children absorbing ideas through the
   popular media. Sometimes this information may be erroneous. It seems schools may
   not be providing an opportunity for children to re-express their ideas and so have them
   tested and refined by teachers and their peers.

      Despite the extensive coverage in the popular media ofthe destruction ofrainforests,
   little formal information is available about children's ideas in this area. The aim ofthe
   present study is to start to provide such information, to help teachers design their edu-
   cational strategies to build upon correct ideas and to displace misconceptions and to
   plan programmes in environmental studies in their schools.

      The study surveys children's scientific knowledge and attitudes to rainforests.
   Secondary school children were asked to complete a questionnaire containing five
   open-form questions. The most frequent responses to the first question were descrip-
   tions which are self-evident from the term 'rainforest'. Some children described them
   as damp, wet or hot. The ~econd question concerned the geographical location ofrain-
   forests. The commonest responses were continents or countries: Africa (given by 43%
   of children), South America (30%), Brazil (25%). Some children also gave more
   general locations, such as being near the Equator.

18
   Responses to question three concerned the importance of rainforests. The domi-
nant idea, raised by 64% ofthe pupils, was that rainforests provide animals with habi-
tats. Fewer students responded that rainforests provide plant habitats, and even fewer
mentioned the indigenous populations of rainforests. More girls (70%) than boys
(6o%) raised the idea ofrainforest as animal habitats.

   Similarly, but at a lower level, more girls (I3%) than boys (5%) said that rainforests
provided human habitats. These observations are generally consistent with our previ-
ous studies of pupils' views about the use and conservation of rainforests, in which
girls were shown to be more sympathetic to animals and expressed views which seem
to place an intrinsic value on non-human animal life.

   The fourth question concerned the causes ofthe destruction ofrainforests. Perhaps
encouragingly, more than halfofthe pupils (59%) identified that it is human activities
which are destroying rainforests, some personalising the responsibility by the use of
terms such as 'we are'. About r8% ofthe pupils referred specifically to logging activity.

   One misconception, expressed by some ro% of the pupils, was that acid rain is
responsible for rainforest destruction; a similar proportion said that pollution is
destroying rainforests. Here, children are confusing rainforest destruction with
damage to the forests ofWestern Europe by these factors. While two fifths of the stu-
dents provided the information that the rainforests provide oxygen, in some cases this
response also embraced the misconception that rainforest destruction would reduce
atmospheric oxygen, making the atmosphere incompatible with human life on Earth.

   In answer to the final question about the importance ofrainforest conservation, the
majority of children simply said that we need rainforests to survive. Only a few of the
pupils (6%) mentioned that rainforest destruction may contribute to global warming.
This is surprising considering the high level of media coverage on this issue. Some
children expressed the idea that the conservation ofrainforests is not important.

   The results of this study suggest that certain ideas predominate in the thinking of
children about rainforests. Pupils' responses indicate some misconceptions in basic
scientific knowledge ofrainforests' ecosystems such as their ideas about rainforests as
habitats for animals, plants and humans and the relationship between climatic change
and destruction ofrainforests.

   Pupils did not volunteer ideas that suggested that they appreciated the complexity of
causes ofrainforest destruction. In other words, they gave no indication ofan appreci-
ation of either the range of ways in which rainforests are important or the complex
social, economic and political factors which drive the activities which are destroying
the rainforests. One encouragement is that the results of similar studies about other
environmental issues suggest that older children seem to acquire the ability to appre-
ciate, value and evaluate conflicting views. Environmental education offers an arena in
which these skills can be developed, which is essential for these children as future deci-
sion-makers.

                                                                                                                      19
Questions 1-8

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 1-8 on your answer sheet write

    TRUE       if the statement agrees with the information

    FALSE      if the statement contradicts the information

    NOT GIVEN if there is no information on this

1 The plight of the rainforests has largely been ignored by the media.

2 Children only accept opinions on rainforests that they encounter in their classrooms.

3 It has been suggested that children hold mistaken views about the 'pure' science that
      they study at school.

4 The fact that children's ideas about science form part of a larger framework of ideas
      means that it is easier to change them.

5 The study involved asking children a number of yes/no questions such as 'Are there any
      rainforests in Africa?'

6 Girls are more likely than boys to hold mistaken views about the rainforests'
      destruction.

7 The study reported here follows on from a series of studies that have looked at
      children's understanding of rainforests.

8 A second study has been planned to investigate primary school children's ideas about
      rainforests.

20
Questions 9-13

The box below gives a list of responses A-P to the questionnaire discussed in Reading
Passage 1.

Answer the following questions by choosing the correct responses A-P.

Write your answers in boxes 9-13 on your answer sheet.

 9 What was the children's most frequent response when asked where the rainforests were?

10 What was the most common response to the question about the importance of the
      rainforests?

11 What did most children give as the reason for the loss of the rainforests?

12 Why did most children think it important for the rainforests to be protected?

13 Which of the responses is cited as unexpectedly uncommon, given the amount of time
      spent on the issue by the newspapers and television?

           A There is a complicated combination of reasons for the loss of the
                rainforests.

          B The rainforests are being destroyed by the same things that are
                destroying the forests of Western Europe.

           C Rainforests are located near the Equator.
           D Brazil is home to the rainforests.
           E Without rainforests some animals would have nowhere to live.
           F Rainforests are important habitats for a lot of plants.
          G People are responsible for the loss of the rainforests.
           H The rainforests are a source of oxygen.
           I Rainforests are of consequence for a number of different reasons.

         J As the rainforests are destroyed, the world gets warmer.

           K Without rainforests there would not be enough oxygen in the air.
           L There are people for whom the rainforests are home.
           M Rainforests are found in Africa.
           N Rainforests are not really important to human life.
          0 The destruction of the rainforests is the direct result of logging

                activity.
           P Humans depend on the rainforests for their continuing existence.

                                                                                                  21
 Question 14

 Choose the correct letter, A, B, C, D or E.
 Write your answer in box 14 on your answer sheet.
Which of the following is the most suitable title for Reading Passage 1?

           A The development of a programme in environmental studies within a
                 science curriculum

           B Children's ideas about the rainforests and the implications for course
                 design

            C The extent to which children have been misled by the media
                 concerning the rainforests

            D How to collect, collate and describe the ideas of secondary school
                 children

            E The importance of the rainforests and the reasons for their
                 destruction

22
READING PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 15-26 which are based on Reading Passage 2
below.

  An examination of the functioning of thtt sensu in cetac.-ns, the

  group of mammals comprising Whales, dolphins and ~oises

  Some of the senses that we and other teF~estrlal mamm~ls take for granted are either

  reduced or absent in cetaceans or fail to function well in wSt:er.·For example, it appears
  from their brain structure that toothed species are. una~le to smell. Baleen species,

  on the other hand, appear:to have some related brain structures but it is not known

  whether these are functional. 1t has been speculated that, as the blowholes evolved

  and migrated to the top of the head, th&neuraJ pathways serving sense of smell may

  have been nearly all s~crificed. Similarly, afthough at least some cetaceans have taste

  buds, the nerves serving these have d~geJlerated or a.r,e rudimellUtry.

  The sense of t.ouch has sometimes been described as Weak too; but this view is prob-
  ably mistaken. Trainers of captive dolphins and small whales often rem~rk on their

  anrmals' responsiveness tq, being touched or rutJbecr, and both captive and free-

  ranging cetacean individuals of aH spki~~.(patticutat1Y adults and calVes, or members
  of the same subgroup) appear to make .frequent contact. This contact may help to
  maintain order within a group, and stroking or touching are part of the courtship ritual
  in most species. The area around the bfowhole is tifso particularly sensitive and
  captive animals pften object strongly to being touched there.

                                                                                                      23
    The sense of vision is developed to different degrees in different species. Baleen
    species studied at close quarters underwater - specifically a grey whale calf In cap-
    tivity for a year, and free-ranging right whales and humpback whales studied and filmed
    off Argentina and Hawaii - have obviously tracked objects with vision underwater, and
    they can apparently se.e ~oderately well both· in water and in air. However, the posi-
    tion of the eyes so restricts the field of vision in baleen whales that they probablY do
    not have stereoscopic vision.

    .                                                                      "

    On the other hand, the position of the eyes In most dolphins and ·porpoises suggests

    that they have stereoscopic vision forward and downward. Eye position in freshwater

    dolphins, which often swim on their side or upside down while feeding, suggests that

    what vision they have is stereoscopic forwa~d and upward. By comparison, the bot-

    tlenose dolphin has extremely keen vision in water. Judging from the way it watches

    and tracks airborne flying fish; it can apparently see fairly well through the air-water

    interface as well. And although preliminary experimental evidence suggests that their

    in-air vision is poor, the accuracy with which dolphins leap high to take small fish out

    of a trainer's hand provides anecdotal evidence to the contrary.

       '

 Such variation can no doubt be explained with reference to the .habitats in which indi-
 vidual species have developed. For example, vision is obviously more useful to species
 inhabiting clear open waters than to those living in turbid rivers and flooded plains. The
_South American boutu and Chinese beiji, for instance, appear to have very limited
 vision, and the Indian susus are blind, their eyes reduced to slits that probably allow
 them to sense only the direction and intensity of light.

Although the senses of taste and smell appear to have deteriorated, and vision in
water appears to be uncertain, such weaknesses are more than compensated for by
cetaceans' welk:leveloped acoustic sense. Most specie~ are highly vocal., although
they vary in the range of sounds they produce, and many forage for food using echolo-
cation1. Large baleen whales primarily use the lower frequencie.s and are often limited
in their repertoire. Notable ~xceptions are the nearly song-like choruses of bowhead
whales in summer and the complex, haunting utterances of the humpback whales.
Toothed species in general employ more of the frequency spectrum, and produce a
wider variety of sounds, than bateen species (though the sperm whale apparently pro-
duces a monotonous series of high-energy clicks and little else). Some of the more
complicated sounds are clearly communicative, although what role they may play In
the social life and 'culture' of cetaceans has been more the subject of wild specula-
tion than of solid science.

1. echolocation: the perception of objects by means of sound wave echoes.

24
Questions 15-21

Co~plete the table below..
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from Reading Passage 2 for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 15-21 on your answer sheet.

SENSE      SPECIES                   ABILITY                     COMMENTS
Smell    toothed                     no
Taste    baleen                      not certain  evidence from brain structure
Touch                                poor
Vision   some types                  yes          related brain structures are present
                                     yes          nerves linked to their 15 ............ are
Hearing  all                         yes          underdeveloped
                                     yes          region around the blowhole very
         16 . . . . . . . . . . . .  yes          sensitive
                                     poor
         dolphins,                   no           probably do not have stereoscopic
         porpoises                   yes          vision
                                                  probably have stereoscopic vision
         18... ...... .. .                        17... .. ..... .. and ............

         bottlenose                               probably have stereoscopic vision
         dolphins                                 forward and upward
         boutu and
         beiji                                    exceptional in 19.... .. ...... and good
                                                  in air-water interface
         Indian susus
                                                  have limited vision
         most large
         baleen                                   probably only sense direction and
         21 ............                          intensity of light
         whales and                               usually use 20 .. .... ...... ;
                                                  repertoire limited
         ........... .
                                     yes          song-like
         whales
                                     yes          use more of frequency spectrum; have
         toothed                                  wider repertoire

                                                                                              25
Questions 22-26

Answer the questions below using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from the passage for
each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 22-26 on your answer sheet.
22 Whi~h of the senses is described here as being involved in mating?
23 Which species swims upside down while eating?
24 What can bottlenose dolphins follow from under the water?

25 Which type of habitat is related to good visual ability?
26 Which of the senses is best developed in cetaceans?

26
READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40 which are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

        Visual Symbols and the Blind

Part 1

From a number of recent studies, it has become clear that blind people can appreciate

the use of outlines and perspectives to describe the arrangement of objects and other

surfaces in space. But pictures are more than literal representations.

This fact was drawn to my attention dramatically when a blind

woman in one of my investigations decided on her own initiative to

draw a wheel as it was spinning. To show this motion, she traced a

curve inside the circle (Fig. 7). I was taken aback. Lines of motion,

such as the one she used, are a very recent invention in the history

of illustration. Indeed, as art scholar David Kunzle notes, Wilhelm

Busch, a trend-setting nineteenth-century cartoonist, used virtually

no motion lines in his popular figures until about 1877.                Fig. 1

When I asked several other blind study subjects to draw a spinning wheel, one partic-
ularly clever rendition appeared repeatedly: several subjects showed the wheel's
spokes as curved lines. When asked about these curves, they all described them as
metaphorical ways of suggesting motion. Majority rule would argue that this device
somehow indicated motion very well. But was it a better indicator than, say, broken
or wavy lines- or any other kind of line, for that matter? The answer was not clear. So
I decided to test whether various lines of motion were apt ways of showing movement
or if they were merely idiosyncratic marks. Moreover, I wanted to discover whether
there were differences in how the blind and the sighted interpreted lines of motion.

To search out these answers, I created raised-line drawings of five different wheels,
depicting spokes with lines that curved, bent, waved, dashed and extended beyond
the perimeter of the wheel. I then asked eighteen blind volunteers to feel the wheels
and assign one of the following motions to each wheel: wobbling, spinning fast, spin-
ning steadily, jerking or braking. My control group consisted of eighteen sighted
undergraduates from the University of Toronto.

All but one of the blind subjects assigned distinctive motions to each wheel. Most
guessed that the curved spokes indicated that the wheel was spinning steadily; the
wavy spokes, they thought, suggested that the wheel was wobbling; and the bent
spokes were taken as a sign that the wheel was jerking. Subjects assumed that spokes
extending beyond the wheel's perimeter signified that the wheel had its brakes on and
that dashed spokes indicated the wheel was spinning quickly.

                                                                                         27
    In addition, the favoured description for the sighted was the favoured description for
    the blind in every instance. What is more, the consensus among the sighted was barely
    higher than that among the blind. Because motion devices are unfamiliar to the blind,
    the task I gave them involved some problem solving. Evidently, however, the blind not
    only figured out meanings for each line of motion, but as a group they generally came
    up with the same meaning at least as frequently as did sighted subjects.

    Part 2
    We have found that the blind understand other kinds of visual metaphors as well. One
    blind woman drew a picture of a child inside a heart- choosing that symbol, she said,
    to show that love surrounded the child. With Chang Hong Liu, a doctoral student from
    China, I have begun exploring how well blind people understand the symbolism
    behind shapes such as hearts that do not directly represent their meaning.

    We gave a list of twenty pairs of words to         Words associated    Agreement
    sighted subjects and asked them to pick from       with circle/square     among
    each pair the term that best related to a circle
    and the term that best related to a square. For                        subjects (%)
    example, we asked: What goes with soft? A
    circle or a square? Which shape goes with          SOFf-HARD           lOO
    hard?
                                                       MOTHER-FATHER       94
    All our subjects deemed the circle soft and the
    square hard. A full 94% ascribed happy to the      HAPPY-SAD           94
    circle, instead of sad. But other pairs revealed
    less agreement: 79% matched fast to slow and       GOOD-EVIL           89
    weak to strong, respectively. And only 51%
    linked deep to circle and shallow to square.       LOVE-HATE           89
    (See Fig. 2.) When we tested four totally blind
    volunteers using the same list, we found that      ALIVE-DEAD          87
    their choices closely resembled those made by
    the sighted subjects. One man, who had been        BRIGHT-DARK         87
    blind since birth, scored extremely well. He
    made only one match differing from the con-        LIGHT-HEAVY         85
    sensus, assigning 'far' to square and 'near' to
    circle. In fact, only a small majority of sighted  WARM-COLD           81
    subjects- 53% -had paired far and near to the
    opposite partners. Thus, we concluded that the     SUMMER-WINTER       81
    blind interpret abstract shapes as sighted
    people do.                                         WEAK-STRONG         79

                                                       FAST-SLOW           79

                                                       CAT-DOG             74

                                                       SPRING-FALL         74

                                                       QUIET-LOUD          62

                                                       WALKING-STANDING    62

                                                       ODD-EVEN            57

                                                       FAR-NEAR            53

                                                       PLANT-ANIMAL        53

                                                       DEEP-SHALLOW        51

                                                       Fig. 2 Subjects were 11sked which word

                                                        In esch pslr fits best with 11 clrr:le snd
                                                       which with 11 squ11re. These percentsges

                                                         show the level of consensus 11mong
                                                                       sighted subjects.

28
Questions 27-29

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.

Write your answers in boxes 27-29 on your answer sheet.
27 In the first paragraph the writer makes the point that blind people

      A may be interested in studying art.
      B can draw outlines of different objects and surfaces.
      C can recognise conventions such as perspective.
      D can draw accurately.
28 The writer was surprised because the blind woman
      A drew a circle on her own initiative.
      B did not understand what a wheel looked like.
      C included a symbol representing movement.
      D was the first person to use lines of motion.
29 From the experiment described in Part 1, the writer found that the blind subjects

      A had good understanding of symbols representing movement.
      B could control the movement of wheels very accurately.
      C worked together well as a group in solving problems.
      D got better results than the sighted undergraduates.

Questions 30-32

Look at the following diagrams (Questions 30-32), and the list of types of movement below.

Match each diagram to the type of movement A-E generally assigned to it in the experiment.

Choose the correct letter A-E and write them in boxes 30-32 on your answer sheet.

30  31                   32

    A steady spinning

    B jerky movement

    c rapid spinning

    D wobbling movement

    E use of brakes

                                                                                            29
Questions 33-39

Complete the summary below using words from the box.

Write your answers in boxes 33-39 on your answer sheet.

NB You may use any word more than once.

In the experiment described in Part 2, a set of word 33 ...... was used to investigate whether
blind and sighted people perceived the symbolism in abstract 34 ...... in the same way.
Subjects were asked which word fitted best with a circle and which with a square. From the
35 .... .. volunteers, everyone thought a circle fitted 'soft' while a square fitted 'hard'.
However, only 51% of the 36 ...... volunteers assigned a circle to 37....... When the test was
later repeated with 38...... volunteers, it was found that they made 39.. .... choices.

    associations  blind      deep     hard
    hundred       identical  pairs    shapes
    sighted       similar    shallow  soft
    words

Question 40

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.

Write your answer in box 40 on your answer sheet.

Which of the following statements best summarises the writer's general conclusion?
      A The blind represent some aspects of reality differently from sighted people.
      B The blind comprehend visual metaphors in similar ways to sighted people.
      C The blind may create unusual and effective symbols to represent reality.
      D The blind may be successful artists if given the right training.

30
                      WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

             The table below shows the proportion of different categories offamilies
             living in poverty in Australia in 1999.

             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

FamDytype                                                                                                                                                                                                  ~  .:{

                 -    Proportion of people from each                                                                                                                                                                         ~
                      household type living in poverty
single aged person
aged couple                      6% {54 ,000)
single, no children              4% (48 ,000)
couple, no children            19% (359 ,000)
sole parent                      7% {211,000)
couple with children           21 % {232 ,000)
all households                 12% {933,000)
                               11% (1,837,000)

                                                                                                                                                                                                              31
WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

              Compare tire advantages and disadvantages of three of tire foUowing as
              media for communicating information. State which you consider to he the
              most effective.

                    • comics
                    • hooks
                   • radio
                    • television
                    • film
                    • tlreatre
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

32
.SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Friends

• Are your friends mostly your age or different ages? [Why?]
• Do you usually see your friends during the week or at weekends? [Why?]
• The last time you saw your friends, what did you do together?
• In what ways are your friends important to you?

PART 2                                       You will have to talk about
                                             the topic for one to two
 Describe an interesting historic place.     minutes.
 You should say:                             You have one minute to
                                             think about what you're
    what it is                               going to say.
    where it is located                      You can make some notes
    what you can see there now               to help you if you wish.
 and explain why this place is interesting.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Looking after historic places

Example questions:
How do people in your country feel about protecting historic buildings?
Do you think an area can benefit from having an interesting historic place locally? In what
way?
What do you think will happen to historic places or buildings in the future? Why?

The teaching of history at school

Example questions:
How were you taught history when you were at school?
Are there other ways people can learn about history, apart from at school? How?
Do you think history will still be a school subject in the future? Why?

                                                                                             33
Test 2

        LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10

Questions 1-5

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

  Example
  How long has Sally been waiting?

       A five minutes
       B twenty minutes

     © . thirty minutes

1 What does Peter want to drink?
      A tea
      B coffee

    c a cold drink

2 What caused Peter problems at the bank?
      A The exchange rate was down.
      B He was late.

    c The computers weren't working.

3 Who did Peter talk to at the bank?
      A an old friend
      B ah American man

    c a German man

4 Henry gave Peter a map of
      A the city.
      B the bus routes.

    c the train system.

5 What do Peter and Sally decide to order?
      A food and drinks
      B just food

    c just drinks

34
Questions 6-8

Complete the notes below using words from the box:
                                                  Art Gallery
                                                   Cathedral
                                                     Castle
                                                    Gardens
                                                    Markets

Tourist attractions open all day: 6 .... .. .... ..... ..... ... .. ... .. and Gardens
Tourist attractions NOT open on Mondays: 7 ............ .................. and Castle
Tourist attractions which have free entry: 8 .......................... .... and Markets

Questions 9 and 10

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.
 9 The first place Peter and Sally will visit is the ................................ .
10 At the Cathedral, Peter really wants to ....... ................................ .

                                                                                                             35
SECTION 2 Questions 11-20

Questions 11-20

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

11 The Counselling Service may contact tutors if

      A they are too slow in marking assignments.
      B they give students a lot of work.
      C they don't inform students about their progress.

12 Stress may be caused by

      A new teachers.
      B time pressure.
      C unfamiliar subject matter.

13 International students may find stress difficult to hanctle because

      A they lack support from family and friends.
      B they don't have time to make new friends.
      C they find it difficult to socialise.

14 A personal crisis may be caused by

      A studying for too long overseas.
      B business problems in the student's own country.
      C disruptions to personal relationships.

15 Students may lose self-esteem if

      A they have to change courses.
      B they don't complete a course.
      C their family puts too much pressure on them.

16 Students should consult Glenda Roberts if

      A their general health is poor.
      B their diet is too strict.
      C they can't eat the local food.

17 Students in financial difficulties can receive

      A assistance to buy books.
      B a loan to pay their course fees.
      C a no-interest loan to cover study expenses.

36
18 Loans are also available to students who
      A can't pay their rent.
      B need to buy furniture.
      C can't cover their living expenses.

19 The number of students counselled by the service last year was
      A 214.
      B 240.

    c 2,600.

20 The speaker thinks the Counselling Service

      A has been effective in spite of staff shortages.
      B is under-used by students.
      C has suffered badly because of staff cuts.

                                                                                                                     37
SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-24

Complete the notes below.
 Write NO ('dORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                         DETAILS OF ASSIGNMENT

                  Part1 ~

                          Title: 'Assess the: two main methods of 21 .................... .

                              in social science research'
                             Number of words: 22 .. .. .......... .
                  Part 2 Smalh;cale: study
                              Choose one method.

                          Gather data from at least 23 ........... .. .. subjects.
                 Part 3 Report on study

                             Number of words: 24 . ... .. ........ .

Questions 25 and 26

Choose TWO letters A-E.
What TWO disadvantages of the questionnaire form of data collection do the students
discuss?

      A The data is sometimes invalid.
      B Too few people may respond.
      C It is less likely to reveal the unexpected.
      D It can only be used with literate populations.
      E There is a delay between the distribution and return of questionnaires.

38
Questions 17-30

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS OR A NUMBER for each answer.

AUTHOR                TITLE                               PUBLISHER                     YEAR OF
27 .... ...... .....                                                                PUBLICATION
Bell
                      'Sample Smveys in
Wilson                Social Science Research'

                      28 .. ... ... ....... ....... ..... ... 29 ... ......... ...

                      .... .... ... ........ ...........  ..... .. ..... ...

                      'Interviews That Work'              Oxford                    30 .... .. ..... ... .
                                                          University
                                                          Press

                                                                                                            39
SECTION 4 Questions 31-40

Questions 31 and 32
Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

31 Corporate crime is generally committed
      A against individuals.
      B by groups.
      C for companies.

32 Corporate crime does NOT include
      A employees stealing from their company.
      B unintentional crime by employees.
      C fraud resulting from company policy.

Questions 33-38

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.

                  Corporate crime has been ignored by:
                   a) the 33 ....................................... e.g. films
                   b) 34 ...................................... .

                  Reasons:

                  a) often more complex, and needing 35 .......................................

                     b) less human interest than conventional crime

                 c) victims often 36 ...................................... .

                  Effects:
                     a) Economic costs

                      • may appear unimportant to 37 .......................................
                        • can make large 38 ....................................... for company

                          • cause mor'e losses to individuals than conventional crimes
                     b) Social costs

                          • make people lose trust in business world
                          • affect poorer people most

                ---------------------------------------------

40
Questions 39 and 40
Choose TWO letters A-F.

The oil tanker explosion was an example of a crime which
      A was no-one's fault.
      B was not a corporate crime.
      C was intentional.
      D was caused by indifference.
      E had tragic results.
      F made a large profit for the company.

                                                                                                                41
READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13 which are based on Reading Passage 1
below.

    Many minority languages are on the danger list

In the Native American Navajo nation,      million speakers, and at least 3,000
which sprawls across four states in        have fewer than 2,500. It is not neces-
the American south-west, the native        sarily these small languages that are
language is dying. Most of its speakers    about to disappear. Navajo is consid-
are middle-aged or elderly. Although       ered endangered despite having 150,000
many students take classes in Navajo,      speakers. What makes a language
the schools are run in English. Street     endangered is not just the number of
signs, supermarket goods and even          speakers, but how old they are. If it is
their own newspaper are all in             spoken by children it is relatively safe.
English. Not surprisingly. linguists       The critically endangered languages
doubt that any native speakers of          are those that are only spoken by the
Navajo will remain in a hundred years'     elderly. according to Michael Krauss,
time.                                      director of the Alassk Native
                                           Language Center, in Fairbanks.
   Navajo is far from alone. Half the
world's 6,800 languages are likely to        Why do people reject the language of
vanish within two generations- that's      their parents? It begins with a crisis of
one language lost every ten days. Never    confidence, when a small community
before has the planet's linguistic diver-  finds itself alongside a lar ger, wealth-
sity shrunk at such a pace. ~t the         ier society. says Nicholas Ostler, of
moment, we are heading for about           Britain's Foundation for Endangered
three or four languages dominating the     Languages, in Bath. 'People lose faith
world,' says Mark Pagel, an evolution-     in their culture,' he says. 'When the
ary biologist at the University of         next generation reaches their teens,
Reading. 'It's a mass extinction, and      they might not want to be induced into
whether we will ever rebound from the      the old traditions.'
loss is difficult to know.'
                                             The change is not always voluntary.
  Isolation breeds linguistic diversity:   Quite often, governments try to kill off
as a result, the world is peppered with    a minority language by banning its use
languages spoken by only a few people.     in public or discouraging its use in
Only 250 languages have more than a        schools, all to promote national unity.

42
The former US policy of running est in cultural identity may prevent the

Indian reservation schools in English, direst predictions from coming true.

for example, effectively put languages 'The key to fostering diversity is for

such as Navajo on the danger list. But people to learn their ancestral tongue,

Salikoko Mufwene, who chairs the as well as the dominant language,' says

Linguistics Department at the Doug Whalen,founder and president of

University of Chicago, argues that the the Endangered Language Fund in

deadliest weapon is not government New Haven, Connecticut. 'Most of

policy but economic globalisation. these languages will not survive

'Native Americans have not lost pride without a large degree of bilingual-

in their language, but they have had to ism,' he says. In New Zealand, classes

adapt to socio-economic pressures,' he for children have slowed the erosion

says. They cannot refuse to speak of Maori and rekindled interest in

English if most commercial activity is the language. A similar approach in

in English.' But are languages worth Hawaii has produced about 8.000

saving? At the very least, there is a loss new speakers of Polynesian lan-

of data for the study of languages and guages in the past few years. In

their evolution, which relies on com- California, 'apprentice' programmes

parisons between languages, both have provided life support to several

living and dead. When an unwritten indigenous languages. Volunteer

and unrecorded language disappears, 'apprentices' pair up with one of the

it is lost to science.  last living speakers of a Native

Language is also intimately bound American tongue to learn a traditional

up with culture, so it may be difficult to skill such as basket weaving, with

preserve one without the other. 'If a instruction exclusively in the endan-

person shifts from Navajo to English, gered language. After about 300 hours

they lose something, ' Mufwene says. of training they are generally suffi-

'Moreover, the loss of diversity may ciently fluent to transmit the language

also deprive us of different ways of to the next generation. But Mufwene

looking at the world,' says Pagel. There says that preventing a language dying

is mounting evidence that learning a out is not the same as giving it new life

language produces physiological by using it every day. 'Preserving a lan-

changes in the brain. 'Your brain and guage is more like preserving fruits in

mine are different from the brain of ajar,' he says.

someone who speaks French, for However, preservation can bring a

instance, ' Pagel says, and this could language back from the dead. There

affect our thoughts and perceptions. are examples of languages that have

'The patterns and connections we survived in written form and then been

make among various concepts may be revived by later generations. But a

structured by the linguistic habits of written form is essential for this, so the

our community.'         mere pos~ibility of revival has led

So despite linguists' best efforts, many speakers of endangered lan-

many languages will disappear over guages to develop systems of writing

the next century. But a growing inter- where none existed before.

                                                                   43
Questions 1-4

Complete the summary below.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 1-4 on your answer sheet.

There are .currently approximately 6,800 languages in the world. This great variety of
languages came about largely as a result of geographical! ....... But in today's world,
factors such as government initiatives and 2...... are contributing to a huge decrease in the
number of languages. One factor which may help to ensure that some endangered languages
do not die out completely is people's increasing appreciation of their 3....... This has been
encouraged through programmes of language classes for children and through 'apprentice'
schemes. in which the endangered language is used as the medium of instruction to teach
people a 4.. ..... Some speakers of endangered languages have even produced writing
systems in order to help secure the survival of their mother tongue.

Questions 5-9

Look at the following statements (Questions 5-9) and the list ofpeople in the box below.
Match each statement with the correct person A-E.
Write the appropriate letter A-E in boxes 5-9 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
5 Endangered languages cannot be saved unless people learn to speak more than one

      language.
6 Saving languages from extinction is not in itself a satisfactory goal.
7 The way we think may be determined by our language.
8 Young people often reject the established way of life in their community.
9 A change of language may mean a loss of traditional culture.

                                A Michael Krauss
                               8 Salikoko Mufwene
                                C Nicholas Ostler
                                D MarkPagel
                                E Doug Whalen

44
Questions 10-13

Do the following statements agree with the views of the writer in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 10-13 on your answer sheet write

YES              if the statement agrees with the views of the writer

NO               if the statement contradicts the views of the writer

NOT GIVEN if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

10 The Navajo language will die out because it currently has too few speakers.

11 A large number of native speakers fail to guarantee the survival of a language.

12 National governments could do more to protect endangered languages.

13 The loss of linguistic diversity is inevitable.

                                                                                      45
READING PASSAGE 2

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26 which are based on Reading Passage 2
below.

 ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE IN AUSTRALI

   The first students to study alternative medicine at university level in Australia
   began theirfour-year, full-time course at the University ofTechnology, Sydney,
   in early 1 994· Their course covered. among other therapies, acupuncture. The
   theory they learnt is based on the traditional Chinese explanation ofthis ancient
   healing art: that it can regulate the flow of'Qi' or energy through pathways in .
   the body. This course reflects how far some alternative therapies have come in
   their struggle for acceptance by the medical establishment.

   Australia has been unusual in the Western world in having a very conservative
   attitude to natural or alternative therapies, according to Dr Paul Laver, a lecturer
   in Public Health at the University of Sydney. 'We've had a tradition of doctors
   being fairly powerful and I guess they are pretty loath to allow any pretenders to
   their position to come into it.' In many other industrialised countries, orthodox
   and alternative medicine have worked 'hand in glove' for years. In Europe, only
   orthodox doctors can prescribe herbal medicine. In Germany, plant remedies
   account for ro% of the national turnover of pharmaceuticals. Americans made
   more visits to alternative therapists than to orthodox doctors in 1990, and each
   year they spend about $USr 2 billion on therapies that have not been scientifically
   tested.

   Disenchantment with orthodox medicine has seen the popularity of alternative
   therapies in Australia climb steadily during the past 20 years. In a 1983 national
   health survey, r.g% of people said they had contacted a chiropractor, naturopath,
   osteopath, acupuncturist or herbalist in the two weeks prior to the survey. By 1990,
   this figure had risen to 2.6% of the population. The sso.ooo consultations with
   alternative therapists reported in the 1990 survey represented about an eighth of
   the total number of consultations with medically qualified personnel covered by
  the survey, according to Dr Laver and colleagues writing in the Australian Journal
   ofPublic Health in 1993. 'A better educated and l_ess accepting public has become

46
disillusioned With the experts in general, and increasingly sceptical about science
and empirically based knowledge,' they said. 'The high standing of professionals,
including doctors, has been eroded as a consequence.'

Rather than resisting or criticising this trend, increasing numbers of Australian
doctors, particularly younger ones, are forming group practices with alternative
therapists or taking courses themselves, particularly in acupuncture and h~rbal­
ism. Part of the incentive was financial, Dr Laver said. 'The bottom line is that most
general practitioners are business people. If they see potential clientele going else-
where, they might want to be able to offer a similar service.'

In 1993, Dr Laver and his colleagues published a survey of 289 Sydney people who
attended eight alternative therapists' practices in Sydney. These practices offered a
wide range of alternative therapies from 25 therapists. Those surveyed had experi-
enced chronic illnesses, for which orthodox medicine had been able to provide little
relief. They commented that they liked the holistic approach of their alternative
therapists and the friendly, concerned and detailed attention they had received. The
cold, impersonal manner of orthodox doctors featured in the survey. An increasing
exodus from their clinics, coupled with this and a number ofother relevant surveys
carried out in Australia, all pointing to orthodox doctors' inadequacies, have led
mainstream doctors themselves to begin to admit they could learn from the per-
sonal style of alternative therapists. Dr Patrick Store, President of the Royal College
of General Practitioners, concurs that orthodox doctors could learn ~ lot about
bedside manner and advising patients on preventative health from alternative t~er­
apists.

According to the Australian Journal ofPublic Health, r 8% of patients visiting alterna-
tive therapists do so because they suffer from musculo-skeletal complaints; 12%
suffer from digestive problems, which is only r% more than those suffering from
emotional problems. Those suffering from respiratory complaints represent 7% of
their patients, and candida sufferers represent an equal percentage. Headache suf-
ferers and ~hose complaining of general ill health represent 6% and s% of patients
respectively, and a further 4% see therapists for general health maintenance.

The survey suggested that complementary medicine is probably a better term than
alternative medicine. Alternative medicine appears to be an adjunct, sought in
times of disenchantment when conventional medicine seems not to offer the
answer.

                                                                                                               47
Questions 14 and 15

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.

Write your answers in boxes 14 and 15 on your answer sheet.

14 Traditionally, how have Australian doctors differed from doctors in many Western
      countries?

      A They have worked closely with pharmaceutical companies.
      B They have often worked alongside other therapists.
      C They have been reluctant to accept alternative therapists.
      D They have regularly prescribed alternative remedies.

15 In 1990, Americans

      A were prescribed more herbal medicines than in previous years.
      B consulted alternative therapists more often than doctors.
      C spent more on natural th~rapies than orthodox medicines.
      D made more complaints about doctors than in previous years.

Questions 16-23

Do the following statements agree with the views of the writer in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 16-23 on your answer sheet write

    YES          if the statement agrees with the views of the writer

    NO           if the statement contradicts the views of the writer

    NOT GIVEN if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

16 Australians have been turning to alternative therapies in increasing numbers over the
      past 20 years.

17 Between 1983 and 1990 the numbers of patients visiting alternative therapists rose to
      include a further 8% of the population.

18 The 1990 survey related to 550,000 consultations with alternative therapists.

19 In the past, Australians had a higher opinion of doctors than they do today.

20 Some Australian doctors are retraining in alternative therapies.

21 Alternative therapists earn higher salaries than doctors.

22 The 1993 Sydney survey involved 289 patients who visited alternative therapists for
      acupuncture treatment.

23 All the patients in the 1993 Sydney survey had long-term medical complaints.

48
Questions 24-26

Complete the vertical axis on the table below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from Reading Passage 2for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 24-26 on your answer sheet.

                                      Medical complaints of patients visiting therapists

Musculo-skeletal .al=miiiZ:GIZBIIEIIIIIIIIBat••

       Digestive -~~~~~~-~~~~~~~~~--

          24 .. ..... . . . . . . . .llllia.
     Respiratory .181111111DIII

Candida • • • • • •

25 ... .. .. · - - ·

26 .. ..... . . .-

General health

 maintenance ••••--,-------,-----,..-----~-----,----_j

0%                  5%  10%  15%                 20%  25%                                 30%

                                                                                          49
READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40 which are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

 PLAY IS A SERIOUS

 BUSINESS

   Does play help develop bigger, better brains?
   Bryant Furlow investigates

   A Playing is a serious business. Children engrossed in a make-believe world, fox cubs play-fight-
       ing or kittens teasing a ball of string aren't just having fun . Play may look like a carefree and
       exuberant way to pass the time before the hard work of adulthood comes along, but there's
       much more to it than that. For a start, play can even cost animals their lives. Eighty per cent
       of deaths among juvenile fur seals occur because playing pups fail to spot predators approach-
       ing. It is also extremely expensive in terms of energy. Playful young animals use around rwo
       or three per cent of their energy cavorting, and in children that figure can be closer to fifteen
       per cent. 'Even rwo or three per cent is huge,' says John Byers of Idaho University. 'You just
       don't find animals wasting energy like that,' he adds. There must be a reason.

   B But ifplay is not simply a developmental hiccup, as biologists once thought, why did it evolve?
       The latest idea suggests that play has evolved to build big brains. In other words, playing
       makes you intelligent. Play.".llness, it seems, is common only among mammals, although a
       few of the larger-brained birds also indulge. Animals at play often use unique signs - tail-
       wagging in dogs, for example - to indicate that activity superficially resembling adult behav-
       iour is not really in earnest. A popular explanation of play has been that it helps juveniles
       develop the skills they will need to hunt, mate and socialise as adults. Another has been that
       it allows young animals to get in shape for adult life by improving their respiratory endurance.
       Both these ideas have been questioned in recent years.

   C Take the exercise theory. If play evolved to build muscle or as a kind of endurance training,
       then you would expect to see permanent benefits. But Byers points out that the benefits of
       increased exercise disappear rapidly after training stops, so any improvement in endurance
       resulting from juvenile play would be lost by adulthood. 'If the function of play was to get
       into shape,' says Byers, 'the optimum time for playing would depend on when it was most
       advantageous for the young of a particular species to do so. But it doesn't work like that.'
       Across species, play tends to peak about halfway through the suckling stage and then decline.

   D Then there's the skills-training hypothesis. At first glance, playing animals do appear to be
       practising the complex manoeuvres they will need in adulthood. But a closer inspection
       reveals this interpretation as too simplistic. In one study, behavioural ecologist Tim Caro,
      from the University of California, looked at the predatory play of kittens and their predatory

50
    behaviour when they reached adulthood. He found that the way the cats played had no sig-
    nificant effect on their hunting prowess in later life.

E Earlier this year, Sergio Pellis of Lethbridge University, Canada, reported that there is a
    strong positive link between brain size and playfulness among mammals in general.
    Comparing measurements for fifteen orders of mammal, he and his team found larger brains
    (for a given body size) are linked to greater playfulness. The converse was also found to be
    true. Robert Barton of Durham University believes that, because large brains are more sen-
    sitive to developmental stimuli than smaller brains, they require more play to help mould
    them for adulthood. 'I concluded it's to do with learning, and with the importance of envi-
    ronmental data to the brain during development,' he says.

F According to Byers, the timing of the playful stage in young animals provides an important
    clue to what's going on. If you plot the amount of time a juvenile devotes to play each day
    over the course of its development, you discover a pattern typically associated with a ' sensi-
    tive period' - a brief development window during which the brain can actually be modified
    in ways that are not possible earlier or later in life.Think of the relative ease with which young
    children - but not infants or adults - absorb language. Other researchers have found that play
   in cats, rats and mice is at its most intense just as this 'window of opportunity' reaches its
   peak.

G 'People have not paid enough attention to the amount of the brain activated by play,' says
   Marc Bekoff from Colorado University. Bekoff studied coyote pups at play and found that
   the kind of behaviour involved was markedly more variable and unpredictable than that of
   adults. Such behaviour activates many different parts of the brain, he reasons. Bekoff likens
   it to a behavioural kaleidoscope, with animals at play jumping rapidly between activities.
   'They use behaviour from a lot of different contexts - predation, aggression, reproduction,'
   he says. 'Their developing brain is getting all sorts of stimulation.'

H Not only is more of the brain involved in play than was suspected, but it also seems to acti-
   vate higher cognitive processes. 'There's enormous cognitive involvement in play,' says
   Bekoff. He points out that play often involves complex assessments of playmates, ideas of rec-
   iprocity and the use of specialised signals and rules. He believes that play creates a brain that
   has greater behavioural flexibility and improved potential for learning later in life. The idea
   is backed up by the work of Stephen Siviy of Gettysburg College. Siviy studied how bouts of
   play affected the brain's levels of a particular chemical associated with the stimulation and
   growth of nerve cells. He was surprised by the extent of the activation. 'Play just lights every-
   thing up,' he says. By allowing link-ups between brain areas that might not normally com-
   municate with each other, play may enhance creativity.

I What might further experimentation suggest about the way children are raised in many soci-
   eties today? We already know that rat pups denied the chance to play grow smaller brain com-
   ponents and fail to develop the ability to apply social rules when they interact with their peers.
   With schooling beginning earlier and becoming increasingly exam-orientated, play is likely
   to get even less of a look-in. Who knows what the result of that will be?

                                                                                                                    51
Questions 27-32

Reading Passage 3 has nine paragraphs labelled A-1.
Which paragraph contains the following information?
 Write the correct letter A-1 in boxes 27-32 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
27 the way play causes unusual connections in the brain which are beneficial
28 insights from recording how much time young animals spend playing
29 a description of the physical hazards that can accompany play
30 a description of the mental activities which are exercised and developed during play
31 the possible effects that a reduction in play opportunities will have on humans
32 the classes of animals for which play is important

Questions 33-35

Choose THREE letters A-F.
Write your answers in boxes 33-35 on your answer sheet.
The list below gives some ways of regarding play.
Which THREE ways are mentioned by the writer of the text?

      A a rehearsal for later adult activities
      B ~ method animals use to prove themselves to their peer group
      C an activity intended to build up strength for adulthoood
      D a means of communicating feelings
      E a defensive strategy
      F an activity assisting organ growth

52
Questions 36-40

Look at the following researchers (Questions 36-40) and the list offindings below.
Match each researcher with the correct finding.
Write the correct letter A-H in boxes 36-40 on your answer sheet.
36 Robert Barton
37 Marc Bekoff
38 John Byers
39 Sergio Pellis
40 Stephen Siviy

                                              List of Findings
           A There is a link between a specific substance in the brain and playing.
           B Play provides input concerning physical surroundings.
           C Varieties of play can be matched to different stages of evolutionary

                history.
           D There is a tendency for mammals with smaller brains to play less.
          E Play is not a form of fitness training for the future.
          F Some species of larger-brained birds engage in play.
          G A wide range of activities are combined during play.
           H Play is a method of teaching survival techniques.

                                                                                                                  53
                              . WRI.TJNG

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The graph below shows the demand for electricity in England during

typical days in winter and summer. The pie chart shows how electricity is

used in an average English home.                                                     ·

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

                              Typical dally demand for electridty

Ohrs 3                     6  9   12             15  18                      21  24

                            G) 52.5% Heating rooms, heating water

                     ® 17.5% Ovens, kettles, washing machines
                    ® 15% Lighting, TV, radio

                         @ 15% Vacuum cleaners, food mixers, electric tools

54
WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Happiness is considered very important.in life.
             Why is it difficult to define?
             What factors are important in achieving happiness?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own
knowledge or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                                   55
SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Food and cooking

• What kinds of food do you like to eat?
• What kind of new food would you like to try? [Why?]
• Do you like cooking? [Why/Why not?]
• What was the last meal you cooked?
• Do you prefer home-cooked food or food from restaurants? [Why?]

PART 2                                                           You will have to talk about
                                                                 the topic for one to two
 Describe an interest or hobby that you enjoy.                   minutes.
 You should say:                                                 You have one minute to
                                                                 think about what you're
    how you became interested in it                              going to say.
    how long you have been doing it                              You can make some notes
    why you enjoy it                                             to help you if you wish.
 and explain what benefits you get from this interest or hobby.

PART 3
Discussion topics:

The social benefits of hobbies

Example questions:
Do you think having a hobby is good for people's social life? In what way?
Are there any negative effects of a person spending too much time on their hobby? What are
they?
Why do you think people need to have an interest or hobby?

Leisure time

Example questions:
In your country, how much time do people spend on work and how much time on leisure? Is
this a good balance, do you think?
Would you say the amount of free time has changed much in the last fifty years?
Do you think people will have more or less free time in the future? Why?

56
Test 3

                              LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-4

Complete the form below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR NUMBERS for each answer.

        Accommodation Request Form

Example                           Answer
  ·Name:                          Sara Um

Age:                          23

Length of time in Australia:  1 ....................... .

Present address:              Flat 1,
                              539, 2 ................ ........ Road
                              Canterbury 2036

Present course:               3 ........................ Englleh

Accommodation required from:  4 ........................,

                              ~September

                                                                     57
Questions 5-7

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C.
  5 Sara requires a

      A single room.
      B twin room.
      C triple room.
  6 She would prefer to live with a
      A family.
      B single person.
      C couple.
  7 She would like to live in a
      A flat.
      B house.
      C studio apartment.

Questions 8-10

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN ONE WORD for each answer.
 8 The .... ...... ..... .... .. ... will be $320.
 9 She needs to pay the rent by cash or cheque on a ...... .... .... ... ....... basis.
10 She needs to pay her part of the .... .. ........ .... ... .. . bill.

58
SECTION 2 Questions 11-20
Questions 11-14

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C
11 When is this year's festival being held?

      A 1-13 January
      B 5-17 January
      C 25-31January
12 What will the reviewer concentrate on today?
      A theatre
      B dance
      C exhibitions
13 How many circuses are there in the festival?
      A one

     B two

      C several
14 Where does Circus Romano perform?

      A in a theatre
     B in a tent
      C in a stadium

                                                                                                         59
Questions 15-20

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.

               Where                      Type of    Highlights                     Type of audience
                                        performance

    Circus                              Clowns and Music and                        16 ····· ·· ··············
    Romano                              acrobats

                                                     15 . ... .... ......... .. ..

    Circus 17 ... .. .. ... .. ...... ... Dancers and Aerial displays               18 ......... ......... ...

    Electrica                           magicians

               ............... .. ....

    Mekong 19 .. ............. ... ... Puppets       Seeing the                     20 ... ....... ...... ... ..
    Water                                            puppeteers at the
    Puppets                                          end                               ... .. ... .... .........

60
SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-25

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C
21 The man wants information on courses for

      A people going back to college.
      B postgraduate students.
      C business executives.
22 The 'Study for Success' seminar lasts for
      A oneday.
      B two days.
      C three days.
23 In the seminar the work on writing aims to improve
      A confidence.
      B speed.

    c clarity.

24 Reading sessions help students to read
      A analytically.
      B as fast as possible. .
      C thoroughly.

25 The seminar tries to
     A prepare learners physically.
     B encourage interest in learning.
     C develop literacy skills.

                                                                                                           61
Questions 26-30

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C
26 A key component of the course is learning how to

      A use time effectively.
      B stay healthy.

     c select appropriate materials.

27 Students who want to do the 'Study for Success' seminar should
      A register with the Faculty Office.
      B contact their Course Convenor.
      C reserve a place in advance.

28 The 'Learning Skills for University Study' course takes place on
      A Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
      B Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
      C Monday, Thursday and Friday.

29 A feature of this course is
      A a physical training component.
      B advice on coping with stress.
      C a detailed weekly planner.

30 The man chooses the 'Study for Success' seminar because
      A he is over forty.
      B he wants to start at the beginning.
      C he seeks to revise his skills.

62
SECTION 4 Questions 31-40
Questions 31 and 32

Complete the notes below.
Write !'/0 MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

  New Union Building

  Proceduree to eetat11ieh etudent opinion:
  • etudente were aeked to give written euggeetione on the l7uilding'e deeign
  • theee pointe informed the deeign of a 31 ... ... .. .. ...... . .. ... ....... .. . .

      {there were 32 .. ... ......... ..... ... .. ... .. . .. . reepondente)

  • reeulte collated and report produced by Union Committee

Questions 33-37

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.

                         CHOICE OF SITE

               Site One                             Site Two                                     Site Three
                                                                                         Out of town near the
Location       City centre near                     Outskirts near park                  34 ... ... . ..... ..... .... ... .
               Faculty of
                                                                                            ........ .......... ......
               33 .......... ......... . ... .

Advantages     Problems with                        Close to                             Access to living
and/or         35 ......... . .... ..... .... .     36 .. ....... .. ........ . ....     quarters. Larger site.
disadvantages  and                                                                       so more
                                                       .. .. .. .. ... .. ....... ... .
                  .. ... .. .. ... ... .. ... ....                                       37 ······ · ···· · ······ ··· ·· ·

                                                                                            ............. ....... ... .

                                                                                                                              63
Question 38

Choose TWO letters A-G.
Which TWO facilities did the students request in the new Union building?

      A a library
      B a games room
      C a student health centre
      D a mini fitness centre
      E a large swimming pool
      F a travel agency
      G a lecture theatre

Question 39

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C
Which argument was used AGAINST having a drama theatre?

      A It would be expensive and no•students would use it.
      B It would be a poor use of resources because only a minority would use it.
      C It could not accommodate large productions of plays.

Question 40

Choose TWO letters A-E.
Which TWO security measures have been requested?

      A closed-circuit TV
      B show Union Card on entering the building
      C show Union Card when asked
      D spot searches of bags
      E permanent Security Office on site

64
                                       READING

READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13 which are based on Reading Passage 1
below.

Micro-Enterprise Credit

for Street Youth

          'I am from a large, poor family and for many years we have done without breakfast. Ever
          since I joined the Street Kids International program I have been able to buy my family
          sugar and buns for breakfast. I have also bought myself decent second-hand clothes and
         shoes.'
          DoreenSoko

          'We've had business experience. Now I'm confident to expand what we've been doing.
         I've learnt cash management, and the way of keeping money so we save for re-
          investment. Now business is a part ofour lives. As well, we didn't know each other
         before- now we've made new friends.'
          FanKaoma

          Participants in the Youth Skills Enterprise Initiative Program, Zambia

  Introduction
  Altho~gh small-scale business training and credit programs have become more common throughout the
  world, relatively little attention has been paid to the need to direct such opportunities to young people.
  Even less attention has been paid to children living on the streets or in difficult circumstances.

  Over the past nine years, Street Kids International (S.K.I.) has been working with partner organisations
  in Africa, Latin America and India to support the economic lives of street children. The purpose of this
  paper is to share some of the lessons S.K.I. and our partners have learned.

  Background
  Typically, children do not end up on the streets due to a single cause, but to a combination of factors: a
  dearth of adequately funded schools, the demand for income at home, family breakdown and violence.
  The street may be attractive to children as a place to find adventurous play and money. However, it is also
  a place where some children are exposed, with little or no protection, to exploitative employment, urban
  crime, and abuse.

                                                                                                        65
    Children who work on the streets are generally involved in unskilled, labour-intensive tasks which require
    long hours, such as shining shoes, carrying goods, guarding or washing cars, and informal trading. Some
    may also earn income through begging, or through theft and other illegal activities. At the same time, there
    are street children who take pride in supporting themselves and their families and who often enjoy their
    work. Many children may choose entrepreneurship because it allows them a degree of independence, is
    less exploitative than many forms of paid employment, and is flexible enough to allow them to participate
    in other activities such as education and domestic tasks.

    Street Business Partnerships
    S.K.I. has worked with partner organisations in Latin America, Africa and India to develop innovative
    opportunities for street children to earn income.

       • The S.K.I. Bicycle Courier Service first started in the Sudan. Participants in this enterprise were sup-
          plied with bicycles, which they used to deliver parcels and messages, and which they were required
          to pay for gradually from their wages. A similar program was taken up in Bangalore, India.

       • Another successful project, the Shoe Shine Collective, was a partnership program with the Y.W.C.A.
          in the Dominican Republic. In this project, participants were lent money to purchase shoe shine
          boxes. They were also given a safe place to store their equipment, and facilities for individual savings
          plans.

       • The Youth Skills Enterprise Initiative in Zambia is a joint program with the Red Cross Society and the
          Y.W.C.A. Street youths are supported to start their own small business through business training, life
          skills training and access to credit.

   Lessons Learned
   The following lessons have emerged from the programs that S.K.I. and partner organisations have
   created.

       • Being an entrepreneur is not for everyone, nor for every street child . Ideally, potential participants will
          have been involved in the organisation's programs for at least six months, and trust and relationship-
          building will have already been established.

       • The involvement of the participants has been essential to the development of relevant programs.
          When children have had a major role in determining procedures, they are more likely to abide by and
          enforce them.

       • lt is critical for all loans to be linked to training programs that include the development of basic busi-
          ness and life skills.

       • There are tremendous advantages to involving parents or guardians in the program, where such rela-
          tionships exist. Home visits allow staff the opportunity to know where the participants live, and to
          understand more about each individual's situation.

       • Small loans are provided initially for purchasing fixed assets such as bicycles, shoe shine kits and
          basic building materials for a market stall. As the entrepreneurs gain experience, the enterprises can
          be gradually expanded and consideration can be given to increasing loan amounts. The loan amounts
          in S.K.I. programs have generally ranged from US$3H100.

       • All S.K.I. programs have charged interest on the loans, primarily to get the entrepreneurs used to the
          concept of paying interest on borrowed money. Generally the rates have been modest (lower than
          bank rates) .

   Conclusion
   There is a need to recognise the importance of access to credit for impoverished young people seeking
   to fulfil economic needs. The provision of small loans to support the entrepreneurial dreams and ambi-
   tions of youth can be an effective means to help them change their lives. However, we believe that credit
   must be extended in association with other types of support that help participants develop critical life skills
   as well as productive businesses.

66
Questions 1-4

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.
Write your answers in boxes 1-4 on your answer sheet.
1 The quotations in the box at the beginning of the article

      A exemplify the effects of S.K.I.
      B explain why S.K.I. was set up.
      C outline the problems of street children.
      D highlight the benefits to society of S.K.I.
2 The main purpose of S.K.I. is to
      A draw the attention of governments to the problem of street children.
      B provide schools and social support for street children.
      C encourage the public to give money to street children.
     D give business training and loans to street children.
3 Which of the following is mentioned by the writer as a reason why children end up
      living on the streets?
      A unemployment
      B war
      C poverty
      D crime
4 In order to become more independent, street children may
      A reject paid employment.
      B leave their families.
      C set up their own businesses.
      D employ other children.

                                                                                                                 67
Questions 5-8

Complete the table below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from Reading Passage 1for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 5-8 on your answer sheet.

          Country                   Organisations    Type of Project          Support Provided
                                        Involved   courier service
    5 ······ ··· ··· ···· ·· ···                                              • provision of
    and ...... .. ... ..... ..    • S.K.I .        7 ..... ............... .    6 .. ..... .... ... .. ..

    Dominican                     • S.K.I.         setting up small           • loans
    Republic                      • YW.C.A.        businesses                 • storage facilities
                                                                              • savings plans
    Zambia                        • S.K.I.
                                  • The Red Cross                             • business training
                                  • YW.C.A.                                   • 8 ... .... ... .. ..... .

                                                                                training
                                                                              • access to credit

68
Questions 9-12

Do the following statements agree with the claims of the writer in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 9-12 on your answer sheet write

YES             if the statement agrees with the claims of the writer

NO              if the statement contradicts the claims of the writer

NOT GIVEN if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

9 Any street child can set up their own small business if given enough support.

10 In some cases. the families of street children may need financial support from S.K.I.

11 Only one fixed loan should be given to each child.

12 The children have to pay back slightly more money than they borrowed.

Question 13

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.

Write your answer in box 13 on your answer sheet.

The writers conclude that money should only be lent to street children
      A as part of a wider program of aid.
      B for programs that are not too ambitious.
      C when programs are supported by local businesses.
      D if the projects planned are realistic and useful.

                                                                                          69
READING PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26 which are based on Reading Passage 2
on the following pages.

Questions 14-17

Reading Passage 2 has four sections A-D.
Choose the correct heading for each section from the list of headings below.
Write the correct number i-vi in boxes 14-17 on your answer sheet.

                                               List of Headings
                         i Causes of volcanic eruption
                         ii Efforts to predict volcanic eruption
                         ill Volcanoes and the features of our planet
                         iv Different types of volcanic eruption
                        v International relief efforts
                         vi The unpredictability of volcanic eruptions

14 Section A
15 Section B
16 Section C
17 Section D

70
Volcanoes-
earth-shattering
news

When Mount Pinatubo suddenly erupted on 9 June 1991, the power of volcanoes
past and present again hit the headlines

A Volcanoes are the ultimate earth-moving machinery. A violent eruption can blow

    the top few kilometres off a mountain, scatter fine ash practically all over the globe

     and hurl rock fragments into the stratosphere to darken the skies a continent away.

        But the classic eruption- cone-shaped mountain, big bang, mushroom cloud and
    surges of molten lava - is only a tiny part of a global story. Vulcanism, the name
    given to volcanic processes, really has shaped the world. Eruptions have rifted con-
    tinents, raised mountain chains, constructed islands and shaped the topography of
    the earth . The entire ocean floor has a basement of volcanic basalt.

        Volcanoes have not only made the continents, they are also thought to have
    made the world's first stable atmosphere and provided all the water for the oceans,
    rivers and ice-caps . There are now about 600 active volcanoes. Every year they
    add two or three cubic kilometres of rock to the continents . Imagine a similar
    number of volcanoes smoking away for the last 3,500 million years . That is enough
    rock to explain the continental crust.

        What comes out of volcanic craters is mostly gas. More than 90% of this gas is
    water vapour from the deep earth : enough to explain, over 3,500 million years,
    the water in the oceans. The rest of the gas is nitrogen, carbon dioxide, sulphur
    dioxide, methane, ammonia and hydrogen. The quantity of these gases, again mul-
    tiplied over 3,500 million years, is enough to explain the mass of the world's atmos-
    phere. We are alive because volcanoes provided the soil, air and water we need.

B Geologists consider the earth as having a molten core, surrounded by a semi-molten

    mantle and a brittle, outer skin. lt helps to think of a soft-boiled egg with a runny
    yolk, a firm but squishy white and a hard shell. If the shell is even slightly cracked
    during boiling, the white material bubbles out and sets like a tiny mountain chain
    over the crack - like an archipelago of volcanic islands such as the Hawaiian
    Islands. But the earth is so much bigger and the mantle below is so much hotter.

        Even though the mantle rocks are kept solid by overlying pressure, they can still
    slowly 'flow' like thick treacle. The flow, thought to be in the form of convection cur-
    rents, is powerful enough to fracture the 'eggshell' of the crust into plates, and keep
    them bumping and grinding against each other, or even overlapping, at the rate of
    a few centimetres a year. These fracture zones, where the collisions occur, are
    where earthquakes happen. And, very often, volcanoes.

                                                                                                          71
    C These zones are lines of weakness, or hot spots. Every eruption is different, but put
         at its simplest, where there are weaknesses, rocks deep in the mantle, heated to
         1,350°C, w ill start to expand and rise. As they do so, the pressure drops, and they
         expand and become liquid and rise more swiftly.
             Sometimes it is slow: vast bubbles of magma - molten rock from the monrle -
         inch toward s the surface, cooling slowly, to show through os granite extrusions (os
         on Skye, or the Great Whin Sill, the lava dyke squeezed out like toothpaste that
         carries part of Hadrian's Wall in northern England). Sometimes - os in Northern
         Ireland, W ales and the Karoo in South Africa - the mag ma rose foster, and then
         flowed out horizontally on to the surface in vast thick sheets. In the Deccon plateau
         in western India, there are more than two million cubic kilometres of lava, some of
         it 2 ,400 metres thick, formed over 500,000 years of slurping eruption .
             Sometimes the magma moves very swiftly indeed. lt does not hove time to cool
         as it surges upwards. The gases trapped inside the boiling rock expa nd suddenly,
         the lava glows w ith heat, it begins to froth, and it explodes with tremendous force.
        Then the sl ightly cooler lava following it begins to flow over the lip of the crater. lt
         happens on Mars, it happened on the moon, it even happens on some of the moons
         of Jupiter and Uranus. By studying the evidence, vulcanologists can read the force
         of the great blasts of the post. Is the pumice light and full of holes? The explosion
        was tremendous. Are the rocks heavy, with huge crystalline basalt shapes, like the
         G iant's Causeway in N orthern Ireland? lt was a slow, gentl e eruption .
            The biggest erupti ons are deep on the mid-<:>ceon floor, where new lava is forcing
        the continents apart and widening the Atlantic by perhaps five centimetres a year.
         Look at mops of volcanoes, earthquakes and island chains like the Philippines and
        Japan, and you can see the rough outlines of what are called tectonic plates- the
         plates wh ich make up the earth's crust and mantle. The most dramatic of these is
        the Pacific 'ring of fire' where there hove been the most violent explosions- Mount
         Pinotubo near Manila, Mount St Helen's in the Rockies and El Chich6n in Mexico
        about a decade ago, not to mention world-shaking blasts like Krakotoa in the Sunda
        Stra its in 1883 .

   D But volcanoes are not very predictable. That is beca use geological time is not like

        human ti me. During quiet periods, volcanoes cop themselves with their own lava
        by forming a powerful cone from the molten rocks slopping over the rim of the
        crater; later the lava cools slowly into a huge, hard, stable plug which blocks any
        further eruption until the pressure below becomes irresistible. In the case of Mount
        Pinotubo, this took 600 years.

            Then, sometimes, with only a small warning, the mountain blows its top . lt did this
        at Mont Pelee ~n Mortinique at 7 .49 o .m. on 8 May, 1902 . Of a town of 28,000,
        only two people survived. In 1815, a sudden blast removed the top 1,280 metres
        of Mount Tomboro in Indonesia. The eruption was so fierce that dust thrown into the
        stratosphere darkened the skies, cancelling the following summer in Europe and
        North A merica. Thousands starved os the harvests foiled, after snow in June and
        frosts in Aug ust. Volcanoes are potentially world news, especially the quiet ones.

72
Questions 18-21

Answer the questions below using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A
NUMBERfrom the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 18-21 on your answer sheet.
18 What are the sections of the earth's crust, often associated with volcanic ~ctivity, called?
19 What is the name given to molten rock from the mantle?
20 What is the earthquake zone on the Pacific Ocean called?
21 For how many years did Mount Pinatubo remain inactive?

Questions 22-26

Complete the summary below.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 22-26 on your answer sheet.
Volcanic eruptions have shaped the earth's land surface. They may also have produced the
world's atmosphere and 22 ...... . Eruptions occur when molten rocks from the ~a~h's mantle
rise and expand. When they become liquid, they move more quickly through cracks in the
surface. There are different types of eruption. Sometimes the 23.... .. moves slowly and forms
outcrops of granite on the earth's surface. When it moves more quickly it may flow out in
thick horizontal sheets. Examples of this type of eruption can be found in Northern Ireland,
Wales, South Africa and 24....... A third type of eruption occurs when the lava emerges
very quickly and 25 ...... violently. This happens because the magma moves so suddenly that
26..... . are emitted.

                                                                                                                   73
READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40 which are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

    Obtaining
    Linguistic
    Data

    A M.any procedures are available for obtaining   The latter procedure is unavoidable when

    data about a language. They range from a         working on foreign languages, or child

    carefully planned, intensive field investiga-    speech.

    tion in a foreign country to a casual intro-

    spection about one's mother tongue carried C Many factors must be considered when

    out in an armchair at home.                      selecting informants - whether one is

                                                     working with single speakers (a common sit-

    B In all cases, someone has to act as a source   uation when languages have not been

    of language data - an informant. Informants      described before), two people interacting,

    are (ideally) native speakers of a language,     small groups or large-scale samples. 1\ge,

    who provide utterances for analysis and          sex, social background and other aspects of

    other kinds of information about the lan-        identity are important, as these factors are

    guage (e.g. translations, comments about         known to influence the kind of language

    correctness, or judgements on usage). Often,     used. The topic of conversation and the char-

    when studying their mother tongue, linguists     acteristics of the social setting (e.g. the level

    act as their own informants, judging the         of formality) are also highly relevant, as are

    ambiguity, acceptability, or other properties    the personal qualities of the informants (e.g.

    of utterances against their own intuitions. The  their fluency and consistency). For larger

    convenience of this approach makes it            studies, scrupulous attention has been paid

    widely used, and it is considered the norm in    to the sampling theory employed, and in all

    the generative approach to linguistics. But a    cases, decisions have to be made about the

    linguist's personal judgements are often         best investigative techniques to use.

    uncertain, or disagree with the judgements of

    other linguists, at which point recourse is D Today, researchers often tape-record infor-

    needed to more objective methods of              mants. This enables the linguist's claims about

    enquiry, using non-linguists as informants. · the language to be checked, and provides a

74
way of making those claims more accurate          preter, it is possible to use translation tech-

('difficult' pieces of speech can be listened     niques ('How do you say table in your lan-

to repeatedly). But obtaining naturalistic,       guage?'). A large number of points can be

good-quality data is never easy. People talk      covered inashorttime, using interviewwork-

abnormally when they know they are being          sheets and questionnaires. Often, the

recorded, and sound quality can be poor. A        researcher wishes to obtain information

variety of tape-recording procedures have         about just a single variable, in which case a

thus been devised to minimise the ·observer's     restricted set of questions may be used: a

paradox' (how to observe the way people           particular feature of pronunciat ion, for

behave when they are not being observed).         example, can be elicited by asking the infor-

Some recordings are made without the              mant to say a restricted set of words. There

speakers being aware of the fact - a proce-       are also several direct methods of elicitation,

dure that obtains very natural data, though       such as asking informants to fill .in the blanks

ethical objections must be anticipated.           in a substitution frame (e.g. I _ see a car),

Alternatively, attempts can be made to make       or feeding them the wrong stimulus for cor-

the speaker forget about the recording, such      rection ('Is it possible to say I no can see?').

as keeping the tape recorder out of sight, or

using radio microphones. A useful technique G A representative sample of language, com-

is to introduce a topic that quickly involves     piled for the purpose of linguistic analysis, is

the speaker, and stimulates a natural language    known as a corpus. A corpus enables the lin-

style (e.g. asking older informants about how     guist to make unbiased statements about fre-

times have changed in their locality).            quency of usage, and it provides accessible

                                                  data for the use of different researchers. Its

E An audio tape recording does not solve all      range and size are variable. Some corpora

the linguist's problems, however. Speech is       attempt to cover the language as a whole,

often unclear and ambiguous. Where possi-         taking extracts from many kinds of text; others

ble, therefore, the recording has to be sup-      are extremely selective, providing a collec-

plemented by the observer's written               tion of material that deals only with a particu-

comments on the non-verbal behaviour of           lar linguistic feature. The size of the corpus

the participants, and about the context in        depends on practical factors, such as the time

general. A facial expression, for example, can    available to collect, process and store the

dramatically alter the meaning of what is said.   data: it can take up to several hours to provide

Video recordings avoid these problems to a        an accurate transcription of a few minutes of

large extent, but even they have limitations      speech. Sometimes a small sample of data

(the camera cannot be everywhere), and            will be enough to decide a linguistic hypoth-

transcriptions always benefit from any addi-      esis; by contrast, corpora in major research

tional commentary provided by an observer.        projects can total millions of words. An

                                                  important principle is that all corpora, what-

F Linguists also make great use of structured     ever their size, are inevitably limited in their

sessions, in which they systematically ask        coverage, and always need to be supple-

their informants for utterances that describe     mented by data derived from the intuitions of

certain actions, objects or behaviour. With a     native speakers of the language, through

bilingual informant, or through use of an inter-  either introspection or experimentation. -

                                                                                                    75
Questions 27-31
Reading Passage 3 has seven paragraphs labelled A-G.

Which paragraph contains the following information?
Write the correct letter A-Gin boxes 27-31 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
27 the effect of recording on the way people talk
28 the importance of taking notes on body language
29 the fact that language is influenced by social situation
30 how informants can be helped to be less self-conscious
31 various methods that can be used to generate specific data

Questions 32-36

Complete the table below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 32-36 on your answer sheet.

         METHODS OF                 ADVANTAGES                       DISADVANTAGES
          OBTAINING            convenient
      LINGUISTIC DATA                                             method of enquiry not
                                                                  objective enough
    32 ...... as informant                                        the number of factors
                                                                  to be considered
    non-linguist as informant  necessary with 33.. .. ..          34...... of sound
    recording an informant     and child speech
    videoing an informant                                         36.... .. might miss
                               allows linguists' claims           certain things
                               to be checked

                               allows speakers' 35 ......
                               to be observed

76
Questions 37-40

Complete the summary ofparagraph G below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 37-40 on your answer sheet.

A linguist can use a corpus to comment objectively on 37....... Some corpora include a wide
range of language while others are used to focus on a 38.... .. . The length of time the
process takes will affect the 39..... . of the corpus. No corpus can ever cover the whole
language and so linguists often find themselves relying on the additional information that
can be gained from the 40.. .. .. of those who speak the language concerned.

                                                                                                                77
                                        " WRITING
WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
              The chart below shows the different levels ofpost-school qualifications in
              Australia and the proportion of men and women who held them in 1999.
              Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
              and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.
                            Post-school qualifications in Australia according to gender 1999

        Bachelor's
            degree f----------,~-,.--,-~-.,....,

          Master's

                     degree~---------~~~~T.T~

                       0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%

78
WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Creative artists should always be given the freedom to express their own
             ideas (in words, pictures, music or film) in whichever way they wish. There
             should be no government restrictions on what they do.
             To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                                       79
SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself. his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Leisure

• Do you have any hobbies or interests? [What are they?]
• How did you become interested in (whatever hobby/interest the candidate mentions)?
• What is there to do in your free time in (candidate's home town/village}?
• How do you usually spend your holidays?
• Is there anywhere you would particularly like to visit? [Why?]

PART 2                                              You will have to talk about the topic
                                                    for one to two minutes.
 Describe a river, lake or sea which you like.      You have one minute to think about
                                                    what you're going to say.
 You should say:                                    You can make some notes to help you
                                                    if you wish.
    what the river, lake or sea is called
    where it is
    what the land near it is like
 and explain why you like this river, lake or sea.

PART .3

Discussion topics:

Water-based leisure activities

Example questions:
What do people enjoy doing when they visit rivers, lakes or the sea? Why do you think these
activities are popular?
What benefits do you think people get from the activities they enjoy in the water?
What are the different advantages of going to the sea or to a swimming pool to enjoy
yourself? What do you think the disadvantages are?

The economic importance of rivers, lakes and the sea

Example questions:
How does water transport, like boats and ships, compare with other kinds? Are there any
advantages/disadvantages of water transport?
How important is it for a town or city to be located near a river or the sea? Why?
Have there been any changes in the number of jobs available in fishing and water transport
industries, do you think? Why do you think this is?

80
Test 4

                                           LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10

Questions 1-10

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

         GOODBYE PARTY FOR JOHN

Example                                           Answer

  Date:                                    22nd Decsmber

                                            ••••••••••••••••• i •••

Venue: 1 ................. ............ .  - John and his wife
   Invitations (Tony)                      - Director
   Who to invite:                          - the 2 ..............................
                                           - all the teachers
   Date for sending invitations:           - all the 3 ............................. .

                                               4 ..............................

Present (Lisa)                             5 ............................. .
Collect money during the                   6$ ............................ ..
Suggested amount per person:

Check prices for:                          - CD players
                                           - 7 ..............................
                                           - coffee maker

Ask guests to bring:                       - snacks
                                           - 8 ..·........ ................... .
                                           - 9 ..............................

Ask student representative to prepare a 10 ............................ ..

                                                                                        81
SECTION 2 Questions 11-20
Questions 11-15

Choose the correct letter, A , B or C
11 To find out how much holidays cost, you should press button

      A one.
      B two.
      C three.
12 Travelite currently offer walking holidays
      A only in Western Europe.
      B all over Europe.
      C outside Europe.
13 The walks offered by Travelite
      A cater for a range of walking abilities.
      B are planned by guides from the local area.
      C are for people with good fitness levels.
14 On Travelite holidays, people holidaying alone pay
      A the same as other clients.
      B only a little more than other clients.
      C extra only if they stay in a large room.
15 Entertainment is provided
      A when guests request it.
      B most nights.
      C every night.

82
Questions 16-20

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER/or each answer.

Length of ltoUday  Cost per person (including    Special offers included
3 days             all accommodation costs)      in price
7 days             16 $........................
                   $350                          Pick up from the
14 days
                   19 $........................  17 ........................

                                                 As above plus
                                                 • book of

                                                   18 ................. .. ... ..
                                                 • maps

                                                 As above plus membership
                                                 of a 20 ........................

                                                                83
SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-26

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER/or each answer.

    Experiment number  Equipment                          Purpose
    Experiment 1       21 ........................
    Experiment 2       and a table                        To show how things move
                       Lots of paperclips                 on a cushion of air
    Experiment 3
                       23 . ... ....... .... ... ... ...  To show why we need
    Experiment 4       and a jar of water
                                                          standard
    Experiment 5       Cardboard, coloured pens
                       and a                              22 .. ........ ... . ......... .
                       25 ........................
                       A drill. an old record, a          To show how
                       pin/needle, paper. a bolt          24 .. ........ .... .... ......
                                                          grow

                                                          To teach children about
                                                          how 26 ... ... ... ... . ... ..... . ..
                                                          is made up

                                                          To make a record player in
                                                          order to learn about
                                                          recording sound

84
Questions 27-30

What problems do the speakers identify for each experiment?
Choose your answers from the box and write the letters A-H next to questions 27-30.

                     Problems
               A too messy
               B too boring

               c too difficult

               D too much equipment
               E too long
               F too easy .,;'
               G too noisy
               H too dangerous

Experiment 1:   27 .............. .
Experiment 2:
Experiment 3:    28 ..... ......... .
Experiment 4:
Experiment 5:    29 ....... ....... .

               IExampl~.~.. I

                 30 .............. .

                                                                                     85
SECTION 4 Questions 31-40
Questions 31-34

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

    Sharks in Australia

    Length         largest caught: 16 metres
    Weight
    Skeleton       heaviest:    31 ·················· ······kg
    Skin texture   cartilage
    Swimming aids
    Food           rough barbs

                   fins and 32 ........ ............... .

                   gathered from the ocean 33 ........................

                   sharks locate food by using their 34 ........................

86
Questions 35-38

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

35 Shark meshing uses nets laid

      A · along the coastline.
      B at an angle to the beach.
      C from the beach to the sea.

36 Other places that have taken up shark meshing include

      A South Africa.
      B New Zealand.

       C Tahiti.

37 The average number of sharks caught in nets each year is

      A 15.
      B 150.

    c 1,500.

38 Most sharks are caught in

      A spring.
      B summer.
      C winter.

Questions 39 and 40

Choose TWO letters A-G

Which TWO factors reduce the benefits of shark nets?

     A nets wrongly positioned
     B strong waves and currents
     C too many fish
     D sharks eat holes in nets
     E moving sands
     F nets too short
     G holes in nets scare sharks

                                                                                                    87
                   RE~ADING

READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13 which are based on Reading Passage 1

below.                                                                        ·

    How ·muc~: hiih~i:.?IloW much faster?

        1  ,.  ~ ./'. ~ -~~ • 'J ~                         ~. '...  :.. ' J.

        - Limits to human sporting performance are not yet in sight -

                              Since the early years ofthe  cited adage. Over the past century. the com-
                              twentieth century. when      position of the human gene pool has not
                              the International Athletic   changed appreciably. but with increasing global
                              Federation began keeping     participation in athletics - and greater rewards
                              records, there has been a    to tempt athletes - it is more likely that indi-
                              steady improvement in        viduals possessing the unique complement of
                              how fast athletes run , how  genes for athletic performance can be identi-
                              high they jump and how       fied early. 'Was there someone like [sprinter]
                              far they are able to hurl    Michael Johnson in the 1920s?' Dapena asks.
                              massive objects, them-       'I'm sure there was, but his talent was probably
                              selves included, through     never realised.'
                              space. For the so-called
                              power events - that          Identifying genetically talented individuals is
    require a relatively brief, explosive release of       only the first step. Michael Yessis, an emeritus
    energy, like the I00-metre sprint and the long         professor of Sports Science at Califomia State
    jump - times and distances have improved t en          University at Fullerton, maintains that 'genetics
    to twenty per cent In the endurance events             only determines about one third of what an
    the results have been more dramatic. At the            athlete can do. But with the right training we
    1908 Olympics, John Hayes of the U.S. team             can go much further with that one third than
    ran a marathon in a time of 2:55:18. In 1999,          we've been going.' Yessis believes that U.S.
    Morocco's Khalid Khannouchi set a new world            runners, despite their impressive achieve-
    record of 2:05:42, almost thirty per cent faster:      ments, are 'running on their genetics'. By apply-
                                                           ing more scientific m~thods, 'they're going to
    No one theory can explain improvements in              go much faster'. These methods include
    performance, but the most important factor             strength training that duplicates what they are
    has been genetics. 'The athlete must choose his        doing in their running events as well as plyo-
    parents carefully.' says Jesus Dapena, a sports        metrics, a technique pioneered in the former
    scientist at Indiana University, invoking an oft-      Soviet Union.

88
Whereas most exercises are designed to build        jumpers: To date, however; biomechanics has
up strength or endurance, plyometrics focuses       made only a small difference to athletic per-
on increasing power - the rate at which an          formance.
athlete can expend energy. When a sprinter
runs, Yessis explains, her foot stays in contact    Revolutionary ideas still come from the ath-
with the ground for just under a tenth of a         letes themselves. For example, during the 1968
second, half of which is devoted to landing and     Olympics in Mexico City. a relatively unknown
the other half to pushing off. Plyometric exer-     high jumper named Dick Fosbury won the gold
cises help athletes make the best use of this       by going over the bar backwards, in complete
brief interval.                                     contradiction of all the received high-jumping
                                                    wisdom, a move instantly dubbed the Fosbury
Nutrition is another area that sports trainers      flop. Fosbury himself did not know what he
have failed to address adequately. 'Many ath-       was doing. That understanding took the later
letes are not getting the best nutrition, even      analysis of biomechanics specialists, who put
through supplements;' Yessis insists. Each activ-   their minds to comprehending something that
ity has its own nutritional needs. Few coaches,     was too complex and unorthodox ever to
for instance, understand how deficiencies in        have been invented through their own mathe-
trace minerals can lead to injuries.                matical simulations. Fosbury also required
                                                    another element that lies behind many
Focused training will also play a role in enabling  improvements in athletic performance: an
records to be broken. 'Ifwe applied the Russian     innovation in athletic equipment In Fosbury's
training model to some of the outstanding           case, it was the cushions that jumpers land on.
runners we have in this country.' Yessis asserts,   Traditionally. high jumpers would land in pits
'they would be breaking records left and right.'    filled with sawdust. But by Fosbury's time,
He w ill not predict by how much, however:          sawdust pits had been replaced by soft foam
'Exactly what the limits are it's hard to say. but  cushions, ideal for flopping.
there will be increases even if only by hun-
dredths of a second, as long as our training        In the end, most people who examine human
continues to improve.'                              performance are humbled by the resourceful-
                                                    ness of athletes and the powers of the human
One of the most important new methodolo-            body. 'Once you study athletics, you leam that
gies is biomechanics, the study of the body in      it's a vexingly complex issue,' says John S. Raglin,
motion. A biomechanic films an athlete in           a sports psychologist at Indiana University.
action and then digitizes her performance,          'Core performance is not a simple or mundane
recording the motion of every joint and limb in     thing of higher; faster; longer. So many variables
three dimensions. By applying Newton's laws         enter into the equation, and our understanding
to these motions, 'we can say that this athlete's   in many cases is fundamental. We've got a long
run is not fast enough; that this one is not using  way to go.' For the foreseeable future, records
his arms strongly enough during take-off,' says     will be made to be broken.
Dapena, who uses these methods to help high

                                                    89
Questions 1-6

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 1-6 on your answer sheet write

    TRUE       if the statement agrees with the information

    FALSE      if the statement contradicts the information

    NOT GIVEN if there is no information on this

1 Modern official athletic records date from about 1900.

2 There was little improvement in athletic performance before the twentieth century.

3 Performance has improved most greatly in events requiring an intensive burst of energy.

4 Improvements in athletic performance can be fully explained by genetics.

5 The parents of top athletes have often been successful athletes themselves.

6 The growing international importance of athletics means that gifted athletes can be
    recognised at a younger age.

Questions 7-10

Complete the sentences below with words takenfrom Reading Passage 1.
Use ONE WORD for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 7-10 on your answer sheet.
 7 According to Professor Yessis, American runners are relying for their current success on

8 Yessis describes a training approach from the former Soviet Union that aims to develop

    an athlete's ............ .                       ·

9 Yessis links an inadequate diet to ........ .... .

10 Yes5is claims that the key to setting new records is better ........... . .

90
Questions 11-13

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.
Write your answers in boxes 11-13 on your answer sheet.
11 Biomechanics films are proving particularly useful because they enable trainers to

      A highlight areas for improvement in athletes.
     B assess the fitness levels of athletes.
      C select top athletes.
      D predict the success of athletes.
12 Biomechanics specialists used theoretical models to
      A soften the Fosbury flop.
      B create the Fosbury flop.
      C correct the Fosbury flop.
      D explain the Fosbury flop.
13 John S. Raglin believes our current knowledge of athletics is
      A mistaken.
     B basic.
      C diverse.
      D theoretical.

                                                                                                           91
READING PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-27 which are based on Reading Passage 2

~~~                .

                       VH E NA"TW({E

                        AND AIMS OF

                        ARCHAEOlOGY

   Archaeology is partly the discovery of the treasures of the past, partly the careful wor1< of the sci-
   entific analyst, partly the exercise of the creative imagination. lt is toiling in the sun on an excava-
   tion in the Middle East, it is working with living lnuit in the snows of Alaska, and it is investigating
   the sewers of Roman Britain. But it is also the painstaking task of interpretation, so that we come
   to understand what these things mean for the human story. And it is the conservation of the
   world's cultural heritage against looting and careless harm.

   Archaeology, then, is both a physical activity out in the field, and an intellectual pursuit in the study
   or laboratory. That is part of its great attraction. The rich mixture of danger and detective wor1< has
   also made it the perfect vehicle for fiction writers and film-makers, from Agatha Christie with
   Murder in Mesopotamia to Stephen Spielberg with Indiana Jones. However far from reality such
   portrayals are, they capture the essential truth that archaeology is an exciting quest- the quest for
   knowledge about ourselves and our past.

   But how does archaeology relate to disciplines such as anthropology and history, that are also
   concerned with the human story? Is archaeology itself a science? And what are the responsibili-
   ties of the archaeologist in today's world?

   Anthropology, at its broadest, is the study of humanity - our physical characteristics as animals
   and our unique non-biological characteristics that we call culture. Culture in this sense includes
   what the anthropologist, Edward Tylor, summarised in 1871 as 'knowledge, belief, art, morals,
   custom and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society'.
   Anthropologists also use the term 'culture' in a more restricted sense when they refer to.the
   'culture' of a particular society, meaning the non-biological characteristics unique to that society,
   which distinguish it from other societies. Anthropology is thus a broad discipline- so broad that
   it is generally broken down into three smaller disciplines: physical anthropology, cultural anthro-
   pology and archaeology.

92
 Physical anthropology, or biological anthropology as it is also called, concerns the study of human
 biological or physical characteristics and ho\tv they evolved. Cultural anthropology - or social
 anthropology- analyses human culture and society. Two of its pranches are ethnography (the
 study at first hand of indMduaiiMng cultures) and ethnology (which sets out to compare cultures
 using ethnographic evidence to derive general principles about human society).

 Archaeology is the 'past tense of cultural anthropology'. Whereas cultural anthropologists will
 often base their conclusions on the experience of living within contemporary communities,
 archaeologists study past societies primarily through their material remains- the buildings, tools,
 and other artefacts that constitute what is known as the material culture left over from former soci-
 eties.

 Nevertheless, one of the most important tasks for tile archaeologist today is to know how to inter-

 pret material culture in human terms. How were those pots used? Why are some dwellings round
 and others square? Here the methods of archaeology and ethnography overlap. Archaeologists

 in recent decades have developed 'ethnoarchaeology', where, like ethnographers, they live
 among contemporary communities, but with the specific purpose of learning how such societies
 use material culture - how they make their tools and weapons, why they build their settlements

 where they do, and so on. Mcreover, archaeology has an active role to play in the field of con-

 servation. Heritage studies constitutes a developing field, where it is realised that the world's cul-
 tural heritage is a diminishing resource which holds different meanings for different people. ·

If, then, archaeology deals with the past, in what way does it differ from history? In the broadest

sense, just as archaeology is an aspect of anthropology, so too is it a part of history - where we
mean the vvhole history of humankind from its beginnings over three million years ago. Indeed,
for more than ninety-nine per cent of that huge span oftime, archaeology- the study of past mate-
rial culture - is the only significant source of information. Conventional historical sources begin
only with the introduction of written records around 3000 BC in western Asia, and much later in
most other parts of the world.

A commonty drawn distinction is between pre-history, i.e. the period before written records -
and history in the narrow sense, meaning the study of the past using written evidence. To archae-
ology, which studies all cultures and periods, whether with 6r without writing, the distinction

between history and pre-history is ·aconvenient dMding line that recognises the importance of

the written word, but in no way lessens the importance of the useful information contained in oral
histories.

Since the aim of archaeology is the understanding of humankind, it is a humanistic study, and since
it deals with the human past, it is a historical discipline. BUt it differs from the study of written
history in a fundamental way. The material the archaeologist finds does not tell us directly what to
think. Historical records make statements, offer opinions and pass judgements. The objects the
archaeologists discover, on the other hand, tell us nothing directly in themselves. In this respect,
the practice of the archaeologist is rather like that of the scientist, who collects data, conducts
experiments, formulates a hypothesis, tests the hypothesis against more data, and then, in con-

clusion, devises a model that seems best to summarise the pattern observed in the data. The
archaeologist has to develop a picture of the past, just as the scientist has to develop a coherent

view of the natural world.

                                                                                                    93
Questions 14-19

Do the following statements agree with the claims of the writer in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 14- 19 on your answer sheet write

    YES          if the statement agrees with the claims of the writer

    NO           if the statement contradicts the claims of the writer

    NOT GIVEN if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

14 Archaeology involves creativity as well as careful investigative work.

15 Archaeologists must be able to translate texts from ancient languages.

16 Movies give a realistic picture of the work of archaeologists.

17 Anthropologists define culture in more than one way.

18 Archaeology is a more demanding field of study than anthropology.

19 The history of Europe has been doc.umented since 3000 BC.

Questions 20 and 21

Choose TWO letters A-E.

Write your answers in boxes 20 and 21 on your answer sheet.

The list below gives some statements about anthropology.

Which 1WO statements are mentioned by the writer of the text?

      A It is important for government planners.
      B It is a continually growing field of study.
      C It often involves long periods of fieldwork.
      D It is subdivided for study purposes.
      E It studies human evolutionary patterns.

94
Questions 22 and 23

Choose TWO letters A-E.
Write your answers in boxes 22 and 23 on your answer sheet.
The list below gives some of the tasks of an archaeologist.
Which 1WO of these tasks are mentioned by the writer of the text?

      A examining ancient waste sites to investigate diet
      B studying cave art to determine its significance
      C deducing reasons for the shape of domestic buildings
      D investigating the way different cultures make and use objects
      E examining evidence for past climate changes

Questions 24-27

Complete the summary of the last two paragraphs of Reading Passage 2.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 24-27 on your answer sheet.
Much of the work of archaeologists can be done using written records but they find 24 ... ...
equally valuable. The writer describes archaeology as both a 25 ... ... and a 26 ...... . However,
as archaeologists do not try to influence human behaviour, the writer compares their style of
working to that of a 27...... .

                                                                                                          95
READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 m inutes on Questions 28-40 which are based on Reading Passage 3·
on the following pages.

Questions 28-31

Reading Passage 3 has five sections A-E.

Choose the correct heading for sections A and C-Efrom the list of headings below.

Write the correct number i-viii in boxes 28- 31 on your answer sheet.

                                                 List of Headings
                                 The connection between health-care and
                                 other human rights
                           ii The development of market-based health
                                 systems
                           ill The role of the state in health-care
                           iv A problem shared by every economically
                                 developed country
                           v The impact of recent change
                           vi The views of the medical establishment
                           vii The end of an illusion
                           viii Sustainable economic development

28 Section A     Answer
                   vlii
I Example
      Section B
29 Section C
30 Section D
31 Section E

96
The Problem of

Scarce Resources

Section A
The problem ofhow health-care resources should be allocated or apportioned, so that
they are distributed in both the most just and most efficient way, is not a new one.
Every health system in an economically developed society is faced with the need to
decide (either formally or informally) what proportion of the community's total
resources should be spent on health-care; how resources are to be apportioned; what
diseases and disabilities and which forms of treatment are to be given priority; which
members of the community are to be given special consideration in respect of their
health needs; and which forms of treatment are the most cost-effective.

Section B
What is new is that, from the 195Os onwards, there have been certain general changes
in outlook about the finitude of resources as a whole and of health-care resources in
particular, as well as more specific changes regarding the clientele of health-care
resources and the cost to the community of those resources. Thus, in the 1950s and
1960s, there emerged an awareness in Western societies that resources for the provi-
sion of fossil fuel energy were finite and exhaustible and that the capacity of nature
or the environment to sustain economic development and population was also finite.
In other words, we became aware of the obvious fact that there were 'limits to
growth'. The new consdousness that there were also severe limits to health-care
resources was part of this general revelation of the obvious. Looking back, it now
seems quite incredible that in the national health systems that emerged in many coun-
tries in the years immediately after the 1939-45 World War, it was assumed without
question that all the basic health needs of any community could be satisfied, at least
in principle; the 'invisible hand' of economic progress would provide.

Section C
However, at exactly the same time as this new realisation of the finite character of
health-care resources was sinking in, an awareness of a contrary kind was developing
in Western societies: that people have a basic right to health-care as a necessary con-
dition of a proper human life. Like education, political and legal processes and insti-
tutions, public order, communication, transport and money supply, health-care came
to be seen·as one of the fundamental social facilities necessary for people to exercise

                                                                                                   97
     their other rights as autonomous human beings. People are not in a position to exer-
     cise personal liberty and to be self-determining if they are poverty-stricken, or
     deprived of basic education, or do not live within a context of law and order. In the
     same way, basic health-care is a condition of the exercise of autonomy.

     Section D
     Although the language of'rights' sometimes leads to confusion, by the late 1970s it
     was recognised in most societies that people have a right to health-care (though there
     has been considerable resistance in the United States to the idea that there is a formal
     right to health-care). It is also accepted that this right generates an obligation or duty
     for the state to ensure that adequate health-care resources are provided out of the
     public purse. The state has no obligation to provide a health-care system itself, but to
     ensure that such a system is provided. Put another way, basic health-care is now recog-
     nised as a 'public good', rather than a 'private good' that one is expected to buy for
     oneself. As the 19 76 declaration of the World Health Organisation put it: 'The enjoy-
     ment of the highest attainable standard of health is one of the fundamental rights of
     every human being without distinction of race, religion, political belief, economic or
     social condition.' As has just been remarked, in a liberal society basic health is seen as
     one of the indispensable conditions for the exercise of personal autonomy.

     Section E
    Just at the time when it became obvious that health-care resources could not possi-
     bly meet the demands being made upon them, people were demanding that their fun-
    damental right to health-care be satisfied by the state. The second set of more specific
     changes that have led to the present concern about the distribution of health-care
     resources stems from the dramatic rise in health costs in most OECD1 countries,
     accompanied by large-scale demographic and social changes which have meant, to
     take one example, that elderly people are now major (and relatively very expensive)
     consumers of health-care resources. Thus in OECD countries as a whole, health costs
     increased from 3.8% of GDP2 in 1960 to 7% of GDP in 1980, and it has been pre-
     dicted that the proportion of health costs to GDP will continue to increase. (In the US
     the current figure is about 12% of GDP, and in Australia about 7.8% of GDP.)

     As a consequence, during the 1980s a kind of doomsday scenario (analogous to
    similar doomsday extrapolations about energy needs and fossil fuels or about popu-
    lation increases) was projected by health administrators, economists and politicians.
    In this scenario, ever-rising health costs were matched against static or declining
    resources.

I Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development
2 Gross Domestic Product

98
Questions 32-35

Classify the following as first occurring

A between 1945 and 1950
B between 1950 and 1980
C after 1980

Write the correct letter A, B or C in boxes 32- 35 on your answer sheet.

32 the realisation that the resources of the national health systems were limited

33 a sharp rise in the cost of health-care

34 a belief that all the health-care resources the community needed would be produced by

economic growth          ·

35 an acceptance of the role of the state in guaranteeing the provision of health-care

Questions 36-40

Do the following statements agree with the views of the writer in Reading Passage 3?

In boxes 36--40 on your answer sheet write

YES              if the statement agrees with the views of the writer

NO               if the statement contradicts the views of the writer

·NOT GIVEN if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

36 Personal liberty and independence have never been regarded as directly linked to
      health-care.

37 Health-care came to be seen as a right at about the same time that the limits of health-
      care resources became evident.

38 In OECD countries population changes have had an impact on health-care costs in
      recent years.

39 OECD governments have consistently underestimated the level of health-care provision
      needed .

40 In most economically developed countries the elderly will have to make special
      provision for their health-care in the future.

                                                                                        99
                                   , WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

             The charts below give information about travel to andfrom the UK, and
             about the most popular countries for UK residents to visit.

             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

                       Visits to and from the UK
60

                                                                         visits abroad by
                                                                         UK residents

                                                                         visits to the UK by
                                                                         overseas residents

0+--------.----~--.---~--------~--,

1979                1984     1989  1994                   1999

                    Most popular countries visited by UK residents 1999

Turkey
Greece

           USA            5                           10                 15
         Spain
       France                millions of UK visitors

                 0

100
WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

            In numy countries schools /ul-,e se-,ere problems with student belul-,iour.
            Wlult do you think ue the CIUISes of t!W!
            What solutions can you suggest!
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                              101
                      SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself. his/her home, work or studies and other

familiar topics.,,    . . ..

EXAMPLE

Your favourite place

• What place do you most like to visit?
• How often do you visit this place?
• Why do you like it so much? ·
• Is it popular with many other people?
• Has it changed very much since you first went there? [In what way?]

PART 2                                          You will have to talk about
                                                the topic for one to two
 Describe a useful website you have visited.    minutes.
 You should say:                                You have one minute to
                                                think about what you're
    what the website was                        going to say.
    how you found the address for this website  You can make some notes
    what the website contained                  to help you if you wish.
 and explain why it was useful to you.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

The Internet and communication

Example questions:
What effect has the Internet had on the way people generally communicate with each other?
Why do you think the Internet is being used more and more for communication?
How reliable do you think information from the Internet is? Why? What about the news on
the Internet?

The Internet and shopping

Example questions:
Why do you think some people use the Internet for shopping? Why doesn't everyone use it in
this way?
What kinds of things are easy to buy and sell online? Can you give me some examples?
Do you think shopping on the Internet will be more or less popular in the future? Why?

102
       General Training: Reading and Writing
       Test A

                                             READING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-14
Questions 1-5

Look at the.five restaurant advertisements A-E below.
For which restaurant are the following statements true?
Write the correct letter A-E in boxes 1-5 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
1 You can't eat at this restaurant on Monday evening.
2 You can have a meal here in peaceful country surroundings.
3 You can eat here on a Sunday night.
4 You can have your order delivered for an extra fee.
5 You can have dinner here and then stay the night.

F;;.l  HH: i\LTUENTIC L\STF 01- TUAII.ANU              .JACK'S

       Cftt\tWTOM                            TRADITIONAL AND AMERICAN
                                                          RESTAURANT
       THAI RESTAURANT AND HOTEL
                                                      For a Family Treat or
                12- 3 6--12 C LOSED SUNDAYS          that Special Occasion ...

       • SET IN 40 ACRES OF SCENIC           • SUPERB SELECTION OF CLASSIC
          WOODLAN D                             AMERICAN BURGERS & STEAKS

       • OUTSIDE DINING AREA                 • FISH & CHIPS & VEGETARIAN PLUS
       • FRESH PRODUCE ALWAYS USED              CHILDREN'S MENU
       • CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED
       • SEATING FOR UP TO 50                • LICENSED BAR
       • FULLY LICENSED BAR                  • WEDDINGS & PARTY BOOKINGS
       • SMALL FUNCTION ROOM AVAILABLE
                                                WELCOME
          FOR HIRE                           • TAKEAWAY SERVICE
       • LUXURY ACCOMMODATION AVAILABLE
       • EASY PARKING                                            LUNCHnMES
       • VIEWS OVER BEAUTIFUL LANDSCAPED                 TUESDAY- SATURDAY

         GARDENS                                                   EVENINGS
                                                       WEDNESDAY- SATURDAY
       FOR THE FINEST STANDARDS OF
                CUISINE & SERVICE                                                         103
                      MOGHUL EXPRESS
                      INDIAN TAKEAWAY

          ENJOY FINE INDIAN FOOD IN THE COMFORT OF YOUR HOME
                OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK INCLUDING PUBLIC HOLIDAYS
                                    GOOD PARKING FACILITIES

              HOME DELIVERY SERVICE WITHIN A 4-MILE RADIUS OF
                              OUR TAKEAWAY- SMALL CHARGE

                                 TEL: NORWICH 420988/588980

        TOP UK TAKEAWAY AWARD & HYGIENE & QUALITY AWARD
                                 FORTWO YEARS RUNNING

D

                 7HE MAR!_i'IA J(_ES7/4UJ0i'IT

                        -~\~~!~7

                                                     OPEN ALL DAY FOR

                                      DELICIOUS INTERNATIONAL CUISINE AT LOCAL PRICES
                  WE HAVE A CONSTANTLY CHANGING MENU OF HOME-PRODUCED FRESH FOOD

                                                 USING ONLY THE BEST LOCAL PRODUCE

       * * * BUSINESS LUNCHES ANNIVERSARIES AND WEDDINGS ALL SPECIAL OCCASIONS

                 SNACKS & LIGHT MEALS, LUNCHES & DINNERS, FULL BAR & EXTENSIVE WINE LIST
                 DINE IN STYLE ABOARD THE MARINA IN RELAXED & INFORMAL SURROUNDINGS &

                              SAMPLE THE PLEASURES OF NORWICH'S PREMIER RESTAURANT

                                                OPEN ALL DAY, MON-SAT

                                             LARGE VIDEO SCANNED CAR PARK OPPOSITE

E       ? E~lN&- fiOljSE                 LUNCHTIME             EVENING

   RES:TAURANT AND TAKEAWAY   SUNDAY     CLOSED                 5-11 pm ·
                              MONDAY     CLOSED                 5-11.30 pm
   DELICIOUS HIGH CLASS       TUESDAY    CLOSED                 5-11.30 pm
   CHINESE FOOD COOKED BY     WEDNESDAY  CLOSED                 5-11.30 pm
   EXPERIENCED CHEFS IN OUR   THURSDAY   CLOSED                 5-11.30 pm
   OWN UNIQUE & ULTRA-MODERN  FRIDAY     CLOSED                 5- midnight
   KITCH ENS                  SATURDAY   CLOSED                 5- midnight

   FREE DELIVERY - AMPLE CAR
   PARK

   TELEPHONE ORDERS WELCOME

   ASK ABOUT OUR CHEF'S       NORWICH (01603) 571122
   SPECIALITY                 40 QUEEN STREET, NORWICH

   104
Read the extracts below and answer Questions 6-14.

 A RICHMOND EXPERIMENTAL THEATRE
 Leam to act introduces people to a broad range of acting techniques. lt is specially geared to those with little

 or no acting experience.The atmosphere is relaxed and unthreatening and great emphasis is placed on devel-
 oping the confidence and abilities ·o(people who may initially be a little apprehensive!

 B WORLD CULTURE DAY

 Brazilian Street Percussion
 2.30-4.30

 Samba percussion workshop. Lift your spirits with the taste of camival! lt doesn't matter whether you're an
 experienced musician or a complete beginner. you'll be creating complex exotic rhythms in no time.

 African Storytelling

 3.45-4.45
 The magical African story-telling tradition of narration, poetry and proverbs (mainly from Ghana and Nigeria).
 An event for all the family.

 C SCOTTISH DANCING

     IT'S FUN
     IT'S GOOD EXERCISE
 • We have classes for daliters of all abilities. ·
 • Previous experience is not essential.
 • All you need to bring is a pair of soft shoes and enthusiasm.
 • Classes are held in a number of places and at different times.
 • We guarantee you a warm welcome.

 D THE RENAISSANCE SINGERS

 New singers are invited to join our choir, formed in 1993, to perform a wide variety of music in Cambridge.
 We meet every Wednesday evening from 7.30-9.30 pm, and this term we are rehear sing for a special
 concert with audience participation on Saturday I st December. -
 An ability to sight -read and previous experience in choral singing is desirable, although not essential.

 E DRAWING WITH COLOUR

     An intensive worksh op for beginners

    Saturday 13th and Sunday 14th October

 This unusual workshop offers instruction in effective ways to draw in colour. Activities will include study of
 light and shade and ways to express mood and emotion in colour.
 The small class ( 12 students) assures maximum attention for each student Professional quality materials are
 included in the fee of £..95.

                                                                                                                    105
Questions 6-14

The passage on the previous page has five sections A-E.
For which section are the following statements true?
Write the correct letter A-E in boxes 6-14 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
 6 A friendly greeting awaits new members.
 7 Some relevant skills are preferred.
 8 This activity could cheer you up.
 9 This activity is suitable for a variety of ages.
10 Individual guidance will be provided.
11 Participants can take part in a public performance.
12 This activity could help someone who wants to overcome shyness.
13 This activity promises rapid progress.
14 This activity is not held during the day.

106
SECTION 2 Questions 15-27

Read the passage below and answer Questions 15-20.

STUDENT LIFE AT CANTERBURY COLLEG~!=_}'

Most of the courses at Canterbury College only        locally and nationally via the British Library. All
take up four days of the week, leaving one day        students are encouraged to use the Open Access
free for independent study.                           Information Technology Centre situated on the
                                                      first floor. This has a variety of computing, word
   The atmosphere at the College is that of an        processing and desktop publishing software.
adult environment where a relationship of
mutual respect is encouraged between students         Bookshop
and tutors.                                           A branch of Waterstone's bookshops is located
                                                      on campus, where you can buy a range of sta-
   Canterbury is a student city with several insti-   tionery, drawing equipment, artists ' materials
tutes of Further and Higher Education. The city       and books, as well as many other useful items
centre is just a five-minute walk from the            you may need.
College, easily accessible in lunch or study
breaks.                                               Children's Centre
                                                      The College Children's Centre has places for
   Canterbury College has developed strong            under Ss with some subsidised places being
international links over the years and, as a result,  available to students. Places are limited, so, if
many students have the opportunity of visiting        you are interested, apply early to reserve a place
and working in a European country in the course       by contacting Linda Baker on the College tele-
of their studies.                                     phone number.

Students' Union and SRC                               Refectory
All students are automatically members of the         This provides refreshments between 08.30 and
Canterbury College Students' Union (CCSU) and         19.00 with hot meals served three times a day.
can attend meetings. The Union is very active         Healthy eating options are available.
and is run by an Executive Committee elected by
students in the Autumn Term. The President is         Coffee Shop
elected every Summer Term to provide continu-         This is open during normal College hours and
ity for the next academic year. Representatives       serves light snacks and drinks. Proceeds from
from each area of study form the Student              the Coffee Shop go to the Students' Union.
Representative Council (SRC) which allows
every student a say in Union affairs. In addition     Crypt Restaurant
to representing students internally in the College    This is a training restaurant which offers good
on the Academic Board and with a sub-commit-          quality cuisine in pleasant surroundings. Meals
tee of the College Corporation, the CCSU also         are very reasonably priced and you are invited to
belongs to the National Union of Students which       sample the students' highly skilled dishes when
represents the interests of students nationally.      the restaurant is open to the public during the
The Union .also arranges and supports entertain-      week. Reservations can be made on 01227
ments, sporting activities and trips.                 511244.

STUDENT FACILITIES                                    Chapel View Restaurant
Learning Resources Centre (LRC)                       This is another training restaurant and is set up
The Carey Learning Resources Centre provides          as a quick-service facility which offers a selec-
easy access to a wide range of printed and audio-     tion of snacks and main courses at a modest
visual learning materials which can help stu-         price.
dents with coursework. There is ample space for
quiet independent study and there are also areas
for group work. Resources provided include
books, journals, audio and video cassettes and
CD-ROMs. Inter-library loans are available

                                                      107
Questions 15-20

Read the passage on the previous page about student life at Canterbury College.

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the passage?

In boxes 15-20 on your answer sheet write

     TRUE        if the statement agrees with the information

     FALSE       if the statement contradicts the information

     NOT GIVEN if there is no information on this

15 Many students are allocated a job experience placement abroad.

16 The elections for the Union President and Executive Committee are held together.

17 There are staff in the LRC to help students use the facilities.

18 Nursery care is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

19 The Refectory serves fast-food options.

20 The Chapel View Restaurant is for students only.

108
Read the passage below and answer Questions 21- 27.

 CANTERBURY COLLEGE

   LIST OF COURSES

    COURSE A
    This course will enable students to experience performing arts and the media at a basic level. lt will give
    them the experience to decide if they wish to pursue an interest in this field and to develop their poten-
    tial and adaptability for working in a performance company in either a performing or a technical role.

    COURSE 8
    The aim of this course is to provide a thorough grounding in business-related skills and a comprehen-
    sive knowledge of business practice. lt is for students with a business studies background who can
    manage a heavy workload that will contain a greater degree of academic study.

    COURSE C
    This course provides progression to a range of higher levels. Units will include maintaining employment
    standards, salon management duties, providing facial massage and skin care, instruction on make-up,
    lash and brow treatments, artificial nail structures and ear piercing.

    COURSED
    This course is designed to develop skills used in leisure operations. lt covers preparing for and con-
    ducting physical activities, maintenance of facility areas, building relationships with participants and col-
    leagues, handling sports equipment and health and safety issues.

    COURSE E
   This course gives a foundation for a career in caring for children, the elderly or people with special
    needs. Core units are Numeracy, Communication and Information Technology. Work placements are an
    important part of the course.

    COURSE F
   This course is designed to provide a foundation in graphic and visual communication skills. Students
   complete units in picture composition and photographic processing alongside elements of graphic
   design, and gain hands-on experience of desktop publishing and presentations.

   COURSE G
   This course is designed to provide an introduction to the construction industry. Units covered include
   Heat, Light and Sound, Introduction to the Urban Environment, Communication Processes and
   Techniques and Properties of Materials. All students complete vocational assignments which are inte-
   grated with work experience with reputable companies.

   COURSE H
   The qualifications gained and the skills developed on this course will provide a good basis for gaining
   employment in office work. In addition to word processing, the course also covers spreadsheets, com-
   puterised accounting, databases and desktop publishing. All students are given chances to develop
   their confidence, and advice and information is given on job search skills, presentation techniques and
   personal appearance.

                                                                                                            109
Questions 21-27

Look at the List of Courses at Canterbury College A-H on the previous page.
Which course would you recommend for people with the following career interests?
Write the correct letter A-H in boxes 21-27 on your answer sheet.
21 advertising
22 TV production

23 architecture
24 company management
25 working with the disabled
26 secretarial tasks
27 beauty therapy

110
SECTION 3 Questions 28-40

Read the passage below and answer Questions 28-40.

 The Historv ol EariV Cinema

   The history ofthe cinema in its first thirty years is one of
   major and, to this day, unparalleled expansion and
   growth. Beginning as something unusual in a handful of
   big cities- New York, London, Paris and Berlin- the new
   medium quickly found its way across the world, attract-
   ing larger and larger audiences wherever it was shown
   and replacing other forms of entertainment as it did so.
  As audiences grew, so did the places where films were
  shown, finishing up with the 'great picture palaces' of
   the 1920s, which rivalled, and occasionally superseded,
   theatres and opera-houses in terms of opulence and splendour. Meanwhile, films them-
  selves developed from being short 'attractions' only a couple of minutes long, to the full-
  length feature that has dominated the world's screens up to the present day.

  Although French, German, American and British pioneers have all been credited with the
  invention of cinema, the British and the Germans played a relatively small role in its world-
  wide exploitation. It was above all the French, followed closely by the Americans, who were
  the most passionate exporters of the new invention, helping to start _cinema in China,
  Japan, Latin America and Russia. In terms of artistic development it was again the French
  and the Americans who took the lead, though in the years before the First World War, Italy,
  Denmark and Russia also played a part.

  In the end, it was the United States that was to become, and remain, the largest single
  market for films. By protecting their own market and pursuing a vigorous export policy, the
  Americans achieved a dominant position on the world market by the start of the First
  World War. The centre of film-making had moved westwards, to Hollywood, and it was
  films from these new Hollywood studios that flooded onto the world's film markets in the
  years after the First World War, and have done so ever since. Faced witq total Hollywood
  domination, few film industries proved competitive. The Italian industrY. which had pio-
  neered the feature film with spectacular films like Quo vadis? (1913) and Cabiria (1914),
  almost collapsed. In Scandinavia, the Swedish cinema had a brief period of glory, notably
  with powerful epic films and comedies. Even the French cinema found itself in a difficult
  position. In Europe, only Germany proved industrially capable, while in the new Soviet
  Union and in Japan the development ofthe cinema took place in conditions of commercial
  isolation.

                                                                                                                       Ill
   Hollywood took the lead artistically as well as industrially. Hollywood films. appealed
   because they had better-constructed narratives, their special effects were more impressive,
   and the star system added a new dimension to screen acting. If Hollywood did not have
   enough of its own resources, it had a great deal of money to buy up artists and technical
   innovations from Europe to ensure its continued dominance over present or future com-
   petition.

   The rest of the world survived partly by learning from Hollywood and partly because auqi.-
   ences continued to exist for a product which corresponded to needs which HollyWood
   could not supply. As well as popular audiences, there were also increasing audiences for
   films which were artistically more adventurous or which dealt with the issues in the out er
   world.

   None of this would have happened without technology, and cinema is in fact unique as an
   art form. In the early years, this art form was quite primitive, similar to the original French
   idea of using a lantern and slides back in the seventeenth century. Early cinema pro-
   grammes were a mixture of items, combining comic sketches, free-standing narratives,
   serial episodes and the occasional trick or animated film. With the arrival of the feature-
   length narrative as the main attraction, other types of films became less important. The
   making of cartoons became a separate branch of film-Piaking, generally practised outside
   the major studios, and the same was true of serials. Together with newsreels, they tended to
   be shown as short items in a programme which led to the feature.

   From early cinema, it was only American slapstick comedy that successfully developed in
   both short and feature format. However, during this 'Silent Film' era, animation, comedy,
   serials and dramatic features continued to thrive, along with factual films or documen-
   taries, which acquired an increasing distinctiveness as the period progressed. It was also-at
   this time that the avant-garde film first achieved commercial success, this time thanks
   almost exclusively to the French and the occasional German film.

   Of the countries which developed and maintained distinctive national cinemas in the
   silent period, the most important were France, Germany and the Soviet Union. Ofthese, the
   French displayed the most continuity, in spite of the war and post-war economic uncer-
   taincles. The German cinema, relatively insignificant in the pre-war years, exploded on to
   the world scene after 1919. Yet even they were both influenced by the Soviets after the
   1917 Revolution. They turned their back on the past, leaving the style of the pre-war
   Russian cinema to the emigres who fled westwards to escape the Revolution.

   The other countries whose cinemas changed dramatically are: Britain, which had an inter-
   esting but undistinguished history in the silent period; Italy, which had a brief moment of
   international fame just before the war: the Scandinavian countries, particularly Denmark,
   which played a role in the development of silent cinema quite out of proportion to their
   small population; and Japan, where a cinema developed based primarily on traditional the-
   atrical and, to a lesser extent, other art forms and only gradually adapted to western influ-
   ence.

112
Questions 28-30

Choose THREE letters A-F.
Write your answers in boxes 28-30 on your answer sheet.
Which THREE possible reasons for American dominance of the film industry are given in
the text?

      A plenty of capital to purchase what it didn't have
      B making films dealing with serious issues
      C being first to produce a feature film
      D well-written narratives
      E the effect of the First World War
      F excellent special effects

Questions 31-33

Answer the questions below using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from the passage for
each answer. ·
Write your answers in boxes 31-33 on your answer sheet.
31 Which TWO types of film were not generally made in maJor studios?
32 Which type of film did America develop in both short and feature films?
33 Which type of film started to become profitable in the 'silent' period?

                                                                                                                113
Questions 34-40

Look at the following statements (Questions 34--40) and the list of countries below.
Match each statement with the correct country.
Write the correct letter A-J in boxes 34--40 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
34 It helped other countries develop their own film industry.
35 It was the biggest producer of films.
36 It was first to develop the 'feature' film.
37 It was responsible for creating stars.
38 It made the most money from 'avant-garde' films.
39 It made movies based more on its own culture than outside influences.
40 It had a great influence on silent movies, despite its size.

     A France   List of Countries
                                   F Japan
     B Germany                     G Soviet Union
                                   H Italy
     c .usA                        I Britain
                                 J China
     D Denmark

     E Sweden

114
                                         WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
              You were hurt in a minor accident inside a supermarket, and you wish to
              complain to the supermarket.
              Write a letter to the maiUlger of the super11Ulrket. In your letter
              • say who you are
              • give details about the accident
              • suggest how the supermarket could prevent similar accidents.

Write at least 150 words.
You do NOT need to write any addresses.
Begin your letter as follows:

Dear Sir or Madam,

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             In the past, 11Ulny people had skills such as making their own clothes and
             doing repairs to things in the house. In 11Ulny countries, nowadays, skills
             like these are disappearing.
              Why do you think this change is happening?
             How far is this situation true in your country?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                            115
General Training: Reading and Writing
Test B

                                       READING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-14

Read the information below and answer Questions 1-7.

    Booking a Wessex CoHages Holiday

How to book your holiclay

When you have looked through our brochure and have chosen two or three alternative cottages you would
like to stay in, please phone our Holiday Booking Office .

The number is: 0 J225 892299

31" March to 2(/h October                               WITHIN 7 DAYS, WE REGRET THAT YOUR RESER-
                                                        VATION WILL BE CANCELLED.
Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday 9 .00 a.m. to
5.00 p.m. and Thursday 9 .30 a.m . to 5.00 p.m.         When we receive your booking form and deposit,
Saturday Closed                                         your reservation will be confirmed -we will send you
Sunday Closed                                           a Booking Confirmation, together w ith advice on how
                                                        to reach your holiday cottage and the telephone
2 J" October lo 3(/h March                              number of a local contact should you require further
                                                        details on the cottage before leaving home. Attached
Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Friday 9 .00 a.m. to        to the Booking Confirmation will be a note showing
5.00 p.m . and Thursday 9 .30 a.m. to 5 .00 p.m.        the balance due on your holiday and the date by
Saturday 9 .30 a.m. to 4.30 p.m.                        which it is payable. Outstanding balances on book-
Sunday Closed                                           ings made in the UK must be settled w ithin 10 weeks
                                                        of sending the deposit.
We will check the availability of your choices and our
reservation staff will help you make your decision.     ARRNAL
Should none of your choices be available, we will do
our best to suggest suitable alternatives.              Please do not arrive at your holiday cottage before
                                                        3 .30 p .m. or later than 7 .00 p.m.
When a provisional reservation has been made, it
will be held for 7 days. We will give you a holiday     DEPARTURE
reference number and ask you to complete the
holiday booking form and return it, with a deposit of   On the morning of departure, please leave your
ONE THIRD of the cottage rental, to:                    holiday property by 10 a .m. to allow caretakers suf-
WESSEX COTIAGES HOliDAY BOOKING OFFICE                  ficient time to prepare the property for the next visi-
PO BOX 675                                              tors. We ask that you please leave the property as you
MELKSHAM                                                found it. Please do not move the furniture as this
WILTSHIRE SN12 8SX                                      can cause damage both to the furniture and to the
Deposit payments can be made by credit card at the      property.
time of booking or by cheque made payable to:
Wessex Cottages Ltd .                                   OVERSEAS BOOKINGS

IF WE HAVE NOT RECEIVED YOUR COMPLETED                  We are delighted to take bookings from overseas vis-
AND SIGNED BOOKING FORM WITH DEPOSIT                    itors either by telephone or fax + 44 (O) 1225
                                                        890227 . All payments should be made by credit card

116
or by cheque in Pounds Sterling. Please note that pro-   your holiday, or an additional fixed charge for elec-
visional bookings from overseas visitors will be held    tricity may be made. Alternatively, there may be a
for 14 DAYS. If the completed and signed booking         coin meter, in which case you will be advised when
form with the deposit is not received within that time,  you are making your booking. In some cottages. elec-
the reservation will be cancelled.                       tricity is included in the rental and in very few there is
                                                         no electricity at all.
lAST-MINUTE BOOKINGS
                                                         UNEN
If you wish to make a last-minute bOOking, please
telephone the Holiday Booking OffiCe to check avail-     In most Wessex Cottages properties you have the
ability.                                                 choice either of hiring linen, at a cost of £6.00 per
                                                         person per week, or of bringing your own. In some
If your reservation is made within 10 weeks of the       cottages linen is included and in a very few it is not
holiday start date, full payment is due on bOOking.      available at all. If you choose to hire linen, it will
                                                         include bed linen (i.e. sheets and/or duvet covers and
ELECTRICITY                                              pillow cases), bath and hand towels and tea cloths but
                                                         will not include towels for swimming or beach use.
In most Wessex Conages properties electricity must       linen is not available for cots. If you have any queries,
be paid for in addition to the holiday price. You may    do ask the Holiday Booking Office.
be asked to take a meter reading at the conclusion of

Questions 1-7

_Look at the information above about renting holiday cottages in England

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the passage?

In boxes 1-7 on your answer sheet write

TRUE           if the statement agrees with the information

FALSE          if the statement contradicts the information

NOT GIVEN if there is no information on this

1 The office is open on Saturdays in February but closes slightly earlier than on
      weekdays.

2 On receipt of your deposit, Wessex Cottages will confirm your booking by telephone.

3 For UK bookings, any outstanding balance must be paid within ten weeks of sending
      the deposit.

4 Between the departure of one visitor and the arrival of the next, the properties are
      visited and made ready.

5 The cost is lower if you make a last-minute booking.

6 Electricity is included in the rental of the majority of Wessex Cottages properties.

7 Beach towels are available for hire.

                                                                                        117
Read the advertisements below and answer Questions 8-14.

                STEADMAN & CO                 ~-----------------~-~
        CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
                                                   St Paul's Garage (Ely)
     All professional services, including
         Auditing, Accountancy and                 Full Mechanical and Body Repair Service
              Taxation from Small                  Insurance Company Approved
                                                   Resprays and Restorations
     Businesses to Large Corporations.             Breakdown Service

      Personal attention given at all times.      6, River Lane, Ely, Cambs CB6 4BU
                                                  Telephone: Ely 552247
     12, Church Street, Ely
     Telephone: (01353) 562547/561331         L-------------------~

                                                       MELROSE BUFFET CATERING

                 Accident                     Professional Caterers with 15 years'
                  Victim?                     experience

     Injured in an accident? Was someone      BEFORE YOU BOOK A FUNCTION LET US
     -else at fault? Find out free from a     GIVE YOU A QUOTE. WE WILL SUPPLY THE
     specialist solicitor if you can claim    BEST WITHIN YOUR STATED BUDGET. WE CATER
     compensation.                            FOR SMALL OR LARGE FUNCTIONS, IN YOUR HOME,
                                              OFFICE, GARDEN , TOWN HALL, CHURCH HALL,
     Call:                                    IN FACT ANYWHERE YOU WISH .
     Freephone 0800 8760831 (24 hours)
     National Accident Helpline               "YOU SUPPLY THE VENUE. WE WILL SUPPLY
                                              THEMENU" - AMENUTOSUIT
                                              YOUR BUDGET.

                                                            28, Bury Road, Milton,
                                                   Cambridge. Telephone 01223 640789

~----------·-·-·-·-·-                                     AIR TICKETS
                                                          EXPRESS+
            L M Limo Hire
                                              Your hotline to the world
         Private Hire Cars for Weddings
           and Special Occasions etc.         If you are serious about booking

        John & Sue Bishop                     a flight anywhere in the world

        The White House, 12A Fair Street,     and a reliable service is as
        Ely CB61AE
                                              important as a cheap price .. .
        Telephone: 01353 667184
                                              ----- CALLUS NOW ----              )
                                                          --------- 0990 320321

                                              25, Union Road, Bishops Stortford,
                                              Harts CM23 2LY

118
                Barton Hill & Knight                        H ~-------------------------(8]

        ESTATE AND PROPERTY AGENTS,                         I
        CHARTERED SURVEYORS.
        COMMERCIAL PROPERTY.                                I  PASCAL'S                                                            I
        HOUSEHOLD CONTENTS AND
        FINE ART SALES                                         French Restaurant/Brasserie
                                                                        Fully Licensed

        AN INDEPENDENT PROPERTY                             1 A glass of wine goes a treat with a freshly prepared meal,
        SERVICE, PROVIDING EXPERT                              served in relaxing surroundings
        KNOWLEDGE
                                                               Ope a:
                         BURY ST EDMUNDS                    1 LUIICif - Brasserle Style - Wednesday to Sunday
                               01284 800717
                                                               Diluter - Fixed Price 3 Course table d"Mte - Wednesday to Saturday
                              15, DISS ROAD
                         BURY ST EDMUNDS                      This is a 11011-smokiug restalllllllt
                          SUFFOLK IP33 3AA                  1 2, Fen Road, UttJeport, Cambridgeshln 01353 565011

                                                            1 Sony no credit cards

                                                            '-------------------------~

u                                                              THE PARKLANDS                                                          J

        GLOBAL TRAVEL

        FOREIGN EXCHANGE SERVICES
              Available 6 days a week

                 BEST RATES GUARANTEED

        $ £ LOWEST COMMISSION CHARGED

        14, March Road, Ely, Cambs. Tel: 01353 551136

rvr-----------------                                           • ENSUITE FACILITIES WITH GOOD-SIZED
                                                                  FAMILY ROOMS ALL WITH: COLOUR TV,
~n.~ BAKER, STEWART & YOUNG I                                    TEA/COFFEE-MAKING FACILITIES

     :                      Solicitors                   I     • LICENSED RESTAURANT & BAR
                                                               • CONFERENCE ROOM AVAILABLE FOR
        offer a wide range oflegal services
                                                                  MEETINGS, WEDDINGS, PARTIES &
            2, High Street, Ely, Cambridgeshire CB7 4JY          ALL OTHER SPECIAL OCCASIONS.
                             Tel: (01353) 552918
                                                                      TEL: (01440) 862581
     ~-----------------                                            Mount Pleasant, Haverhill

lb.     . m FINE LINE TRANSLATIONS LTD
            LEADING LANGUAGE EXPERTS SINCE 1984
                TRANSLATION~ INTERPRETING

        OVER 3,000 PROFESSIONAL TRANSLATORS

        Translation         Desktop Publishing
        Interpreting        Localisation
        Volce-overs         Media Analysis
        Editorial Services

        Tel: +« (0) 1223 856732 Fax: (O) 1223 821588

             5,'Castle Court, Cambridge, CBI 2PQ

                                                                                                                                   119
Questions 8-14

Look at the twelve advertisements for local businesses A-L on the previous pages.
Which business should be contacted in each of the following situations?
Write the correct letter A-L in boxes 8-14 on your answer sheet.
  8 I have had an accident in my car. One of the rear lights is broken. I need to haVe.it

       replaced.
 9 I am helping to organise a wedding. The party will be at the bride's family 's house but

       we are looking for someone to provide the food.
10 I have just found a house that I want to buy and I need a lawyer to help me with all the

       paperwork.
11 I have just returned from a holiday in Thailand, where I bought a Thai recipe book. I

      want to use the recipes in my restaurant, but I need someone to help me understand
       them.
12 I have just got a new job. I need to find somewhere to live locally.
13 Some friends are coming to visit me for the weekend, but my house is too small to put
      them all up. I want to find somewhere for them to stay.
14 I wor~ in a local firm of solicitors. It's nearly the end of the tax year and I am trying to
      find someone to help us organise our finances.

120
SECTION 2 Questions 15-27

Read the passage below and answer Questions 15-21.

._.. ... ),•  • 1, ... \~  '·~  >"'~  '  '  ,       1  ...._>~ ~~  ,'  ·~~'\t~·  ..,i,, • .~
.Cours·es A~ailable at . North",CoasfCollege '~Catnpuses~

Agriculture
Specialist agriculture centres of the North Coast College offer courses ranging from agricul-
tural skills to beef production, horse studies and rural management. The Wollongbar Campus
is renowned for its Tropical Fruit Growing program and has introduced modules on
macadamias, bushfoods and coffee production. Taree offers the Veterinary Assistant program
and has introduced 'Agristudy', which enables students to learn flexibly and by correspon-
dence, using a mixture of student learning guides, telephone tutorials, information sessions
and workshops. Mullumbimby has the popular Rural Business Management program, which
can also be studied by correspondence. Grafton, meanwhile, offers traineeships in agriculture
including Beef and Dairy.

Health programs
The continued promotion of healthier living within the community has seen an increase in
fitness awareness and a need for trained staff in the Fitness and Sport industries. Fitness
Instruction courses are offered at Tweed Heads and teach students how to put together and
lead a safe fitness program.

Lismore offers the Aged Support program and Port Macquarie offers the Early Childhood
Nursing program. These courses give you the theoretical skills, knowledge and practical expe-
rience needed to work in a variety of residential and community-based health care institutions.
For students interested in working in the Remedial Health Care industry, Kingscliff is a spe-
cialist centre for the Natural Therapy Diploma and has a health clinic on campus.

Environmental Studies
The Environmental Studies courses offered by the North Coast College have been develope.d to
help students increase their awareness and understanding of environmental issues and to
enable them to determine their environmental impact. The Environmental Practice course,
which includes Coastal Management, is offered through Ballina campus.

For people interested in working to restore degraded natural forests, the North Coast College
offers the Forest Regeneration course at Casino. This course can provide a pathway for students
into the Natural Resource Management Diploma at university. Marine Industry Management
programs are offered at Coffs Harbour.

                                                                                 121
Questions 15-21

Look at the following list of campuses (Questions 15-21) and the fields of study below.
Match each campus with the.field of study available there.
Write the correct letter A-Kin boxes 15-21 on your answer sheet.

15 Wollongbar
16 Grafton
17 Tweed Heads

18 Lismore

19 Port Macquarie
20 Ballina
21 Coffs Harbour

                                              Fields of Study
                                 A forest restoration
                              B banana cultivation

                     c horse breeding

                               D infant illness
                                 E elderly care
                               F fish farming
                               G herbal therapy
                                H cattle farming
                                 I beach protection
                              J animal health
                              K recreation programs

122
Read the passage below and answer Questions 22-27.

  Information on Photocopying

  Information Services provide a Prepaid Services Card system for student
  and staff use of photocopiers and a~sociqted equipment in the Library,
  and use of laser printers in B Block. The ,pame system has recently been
  installed in the Student Representative Council {SRC) for use with
  photocopiers there.

  The system uses a plastic card similar to a keycard. Each card, called a
  'Prepaid Services Card', has a unique, six-digit account number that
  accesses the·system. lriitiaUy, students and otfier users will have to
  purchase a Prepaid Services Card from a teller machine located in the
  Library or B Block Computer labs. The Prepaid Services Card costs
  $2.00. lt is important that you keep a record of your card's account
  number and sign your name or write your student ID number on the
  card.

  Users prepay for library, Computer lab" or SRC services by adding
  value to their Prepaid Services Card. There are no refunds, so only add
  value for the amount of prepaid services you intend to use. The
  maximum amount of prepaid services or value that can be added to a
  card is $50.00.

  Two note and coin teller machines have been installed, one in the
  photocopy room on level 2 of the library and the other in the B Block
  Computer Labs. These teller machines accept any denomination of
  coins or notes up to $50.00. The SRC has a smaller, coin only, teller
  machine.

  When a new card is purchased, the Library and B Block Computer labs
  teller machines automatically issue a receipt to the user. However, when
  adding credit to your existing card the printing of receipts is optional.

  For.added security, a card user may choose to allocate a PIN or
  Personal Identification Number to their Prepaid Services Card. The PIN
  must then be entered each time the card is used.

                                                                                                                 123
Questions 22-27

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the passage on the previous
page?

In boxes 22-27 on your answer sheet write

     TRUE        if the statement agrees with the information

     FALSE       if the statement contradicts the information

     NOT GIVEN if there is no information on this

22 Prepaid Services Cards are in use in three locations.

23 You can only buy a Prepaid Services Card at the Library.

24 The smallest amount that can be added to the Prepaid Services Card at the Library
      teller machine is $5.

25 The Prepaid Services Card can be used to pay library fines.

26 Notes and coins can be used in all teller machines.

27 A PIN is allocated when you purchase your Prepaid Services Card.

124
SECTION 3 Questions 28-40
Questions 28-34

The passage on the following pages has seven sections A-G.

Choose the correct heading for each section from the list of headings below.

Write the correct number i-x in boxes 28- 34 on your answer sheet.

                                             List of Headings
                                   Bee behaviour is a mystery
                            H Communicating direction when outside a
                                   hive
                            ill How bees carry food on their bodies
                           iv Von Frisch discovers that bees
                                   communicate
                          v How bees communicate direction when
                                   inside a hive
                            vi The special position of bee language
                            vH Expressing distance by means of dance
                           vill The purpose of the two simple dances
                            ix The discovery that bees have a special scent
                         x Von Frisch discovers three types of dance

28 Section A
29 Section B
30 Section C
31 Section D
32 Section E
33 Section F
34 Section G

                                                                                                           125
 Understanding

 Bee Behaviour

   A
   A bee's brain is the size of a grass seed, yet in this tiny brain are encoded some of
   the most complex and amazing behavioural patterns witnessed outside humankind.
   For bees are arguably the only animals apart from humans which have their own lan-
   guage. Earlier this century Karl van Frisch, a professor of Zoology at Munich University,
   spent decades of 'the purest joy of discovery' unravelling the mysteries of bee behav-
   iour. For his astonishing achievements he was awarded the Nobel Prize and it is from
   his work that most of today's knowledge of what bees say to each other derives.

   B
   lt started simply enough. Van Frisch knew from experiments by an earlier researcher
   that if he put out a bowl of sweet sugar syrup, bees might at first take some time to
   find it but, once they had done so, within the hour, hundreds of other bees would be
   eagerly taking the syrup. Van Frisch realised that, in some way, messages were being
   passed on back at the hivel, messages which said, 'Out there, at this spot, you're
   going to find food.'

  c

   But how was it happening? To watch the bees, van Frisch constructed a glass-sided
   hive. He found that, once the scout bees arrived back at the hive, they would perform
   one of three dance types. In the first type, a returning scout scampered in circles, alter-
   nating to right and left, stopping occasionally to regurgitate food samples to the
   excited bees chasing after her. In the second dance, clearly an extended version of
   this round dance, she performed a sickle-shaped figure-of-eight pattern instead. In the
   third, distinctly different dance, she started by running a short distance in a straight
   line, waggling her body from side to side, and returning in a semi-circle to the starting ·
   point before repeating the process. She also stopped from time to time to give little
   bits of food to begging bees. Soon the others would excitedly leave the hive in search
   of food. Minutes later, many of ~hem, marked by van Frisch, cou ld be seen eat ing at
   the bowls of sugar syrup.

1. Hive- a 'house' for bees; the place where they build a nest and live

126
 D
 Experimenting further, von Frisch unravelled the mystery of the first two related types,
 the round and the sickle dances. These dances, he concluded, told the bees simply that,
 within quite short distances of the hive there was a food source worth chasing. The
 longer and more excitedly the scout danced, the richer the promise of the food source.
 The scent she carried in her samples and on her body was a message to the other bees
that this particular food was the one they were looking for. The others would then troop
 out of the hive and fly in spiralling circles 'sniffing' in the wind for the promised food.

E
At first, von Frisch thought the bees were responding only to the scent of the food. But
what did the third dance mean? And if bees were responding only to the scent, how
could they also 'sniff down' food hundreds of metres away from the hive, food which
was sometimes downwind? On a hunch, he started gradually moving the feeding dish
further and further away and noticed as he did so, that the dances of the returning .
scout bees also started changing. If he placed the feeding dish over nine metres away,
the second type of dance, the sickle version, came into play. But once he moved it past
36 metres, the scouts would then start dancing the third, quite different, waggle dance.

The measurement of the actual distance too, he concluded, was precise. For example,
a feeding dish 300 metres away was indicated by 15 complete runs through the
pattern in 30 seconds. When the dish was moved to 60 metres away, the number
dropped to 11.

F
Von Frisch noted something further. When the scout bees came home to tell their
sisters about the food source, sometimes they would dance outside on the horizontal
entrance platform of the hive, and sometimes on the vertical wall inside. And, depend-
ing on where they danced, the straight portion of the waggle dance would point in dif-
ferent directions. The outside dance was fairly easy to decode: the straight portion of
the dance pointed directly to the food source, so the bees would merely have to
decode the distance message and fly off in that direction to find their food.

G
But by studying the dance on the inner wall of the hive, von Frisch discovered a remark-
able method which the dancer used to tell her sisters the direction of the food in rela-
tion to the sun. When inside the hive, the dancer cannot use the sun, so she uses
gravity instead. The direction of the sun is represented by the top of the hive wall. If
she runs straight up, this means that the feeding place is in the same direction as the
sun. However, if, for example, the feeding place is 40° to the left of the sun, then the
dancer would run 40° to the left of the vertical line. This was to be the first of von
Frisch's remarkable discoveries. Soon he would also discover a number of other
remarkable facts about how bees communicate and, in doing so, revolutionise the
study of animal behaviour generally.

                                                                                                          127
Questions 35-37

The writer mentions THREE kinds of bee dance identified by von Frisch.
List the name the writer gives to each dance.
Use ONE WORD ONLYfor each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 35-37 on your answer sheet.

35
36

37

Questions 38-40

Look at the passage about bee behaviour on the previous pages.
Complete the sentences below with words taken from the passage.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 38-40 on your answer sheet.
38 Van Frisch discovered the difference between dance types by changing the position of
39 The dance outside the hive points in the direction of ..... ....... .. . .
40 The angle of the dance from the vertical shows the_angle of the food from ........... .... .

128
                                         WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
              You want to sell some ofyour furniture. You think a friend ofyours might
              like to buy it from you.
              Write a letter to your friend. In your letter
             • explain why you are selling
             • describe the furniture
             • suggest a date when your friend can come and see the furniture

Write at least 1SO words.
You do NOT need to write any addresses.
Begin your letter as follows:

Dear ............ ,

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 mjnutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Sqme people believe that children should be allowed to stay at home and
             play until they are six or seven years old. Others believe that it is ·
             important for young children to go to school as soon as possible.
             What do you think are the advantages of attending schoolfrom a young
             age?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                                       129
Audio Scripts

                                        TEST I

SECTION 1

MAN:     Good morning.
WOMAN :
MAN:     Good morning. How can I help you?
WOMAN:
         I understand that the school organises ... umm, trips to different ...
MAN :
WOMAN:   Yes, we run five every month: three during weekends and two Wednesday                  Example

MAN :    afternoon trips.
WOMAN:
         What sort of places?
MAN:
WOMAN :  Well, obviously it varies, but always places of historical interest and also which
MAN:
WOMAN:   offer a variety of shopping. because our students always ask about that ... and Ql

MAN:     then we go for ones where we know there are guided tours, because this gives a Q2
WOMAN:
         good focus for the visit.
MAN:
WOMAN:   Do you travel far?
MAN:
WOMAN:   Well. we're lucky here, obviously. because we're able to say that all our visits are

~AN :    less than three hours drive.

         How much do they cost?

         Again it varies- between five and fifteen pounds a head, depending on distance.

         Ah ha . ..

         Oh, and we do offer to arrange special trips if, you know, there are more than Q3

         twelve people.

         Oh right, I'll keep that in mind. And what are the times normally?

         We try to keep it pretty fixed so that, that students get to know the pattern. We

         leave at eight-thirty a.m. and return at six p.m. We figure it's best to keep the day

         fairly short.

         Oh yes. And how do we reserve a place?

         You sign your name on the notice board. Do you know where it is?                       Q4

         Ah ha. I saw it this morning.

         And we do ask that you sign up three days in advance so we know we've got

         ehough people interested to run it, and we can cancel if necessary, with full refund

         of course.

         That's fine, thanks. ·

MAN :    And what visits are planned for this term?
woMAN:   Right, well I'm afraid the schedule hasn't been printed out yet, but we have
         confirmed the dates and planned the optional extra visits which you can also
MAN :    book in advance if you want to.
         Oh that's all right. If you can just give some idea of the weekend ones so I can,
         you know, work out when to see friends, etcetera.

130
WOMAN:    Oh sure. Well, the first one is St Ives. That's on the thirteenth of February and Q5

MAN :     we 'll have only sixteen places available 'cos we're going by minibus. And that's a
WOMAN:
          day in town with the optional extra of visiting the Hepworth Museum.
MAN:
WOMAN :   Oh right . .. yeah . . . that sounds good
MAN:
WOMAN:    Then there's a London trip on the sixteenth of February and we'll be taking a
MAN:
WOMAN:    medium-sized coach so there'll be forty-five places on that, and, let's see, the

MAN:      optional extra is the Tower of London.                                                Q6
WOMAN :
          Oh, I've already been there.
MAN:
WOMAN :   After that there 's Ikis.tQl on the third of March.                                   Q7
MAN:
WOMAN:    Where?
MAN:
WOMAN :   Bristol .. . B-R-I-S-T-0 -L.
MAN:
WOMAN:    OK . ..

MAN:      That's in a different minibus with eighteen places available, oh, and the optional
.\'OMAN:
          extra is a visit to the S.S. Great Britain .
MAN:
WOMAN :   OK .. .

          We're going to Salisbury on the eighteenth of March and that's always a popular

          one because the optional extra is Stonehenge, so we're taking the large coach with

          fifty seats . . .

          Oh good.

          And then the last one is to Bath on the twenty-third of March.

          Oh yes. Is Bath the Roman city?

          Yes, that's right, and that's in the sixteen-seater minibus.

          And where's the optional visit?

          It's to the American Museum- well worth a visit.                                      Q8

          OK, well that's great, thanks for all that . . .

          My pleasure. By the way, if you want more information about any of the trips,

          have a look in the student newspaper.                                                 Q9

          OK.

          Or, have a word with my assistant; her name is Jane ~-that's                          QJO

          Y-E-N-T-0-B.

          Right, I've got that . Thank you very much for all your help.

          You 're very welcome. I hope you enjoy the trips.

SECTION 2

Good afternoon everybody and welcome to Riverside Industrial Village. To start your visit

I'm just going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum before letting you

roam about on your own. I won't keep you long. OK?

Now, from where we're standing you've got a good view of the river over there. And it was

because of this fast-flowing water that this site was a natural place for manufacturing works.

The water and the availability of raw materials in the area, like minerals and iron ore, and

also the abundance of local fuels, like coal and firewood , all made this site suitable for     Qll

industry from a very early time.

Water was the main source of power for the early industries and some of the water wheels

                                                                                                     131
were first established in the twelfth century, would you believe? At that time, local craftsmen Q12
first built an iron forge just behind the village here, on the bend in the river. By the
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries the region's rivers supported more than a hundred and Q13
~ water mills - and many of these continued to operate well into the nineteenth century.
But then the steam engine was invented and then the railways came and the centres of
industry were able to move away from the rivers and the countryside and into the towns. So,
industrial villages like this one became very rare.

   So that's the history for you. If you'd like any more information, you can ask me some
questions, or you can read further in our excellent guide book.

Now I'm going to give you a plan of the site and I'd just like to point out where everything

is and then you can take a look at everything for yourself.

I've already pointed out the river, which is on the left. And of course, running along the

bottom is Woodside Road, got it? OK. Now we're standing at the entrance, see it at the               QJ4

bottom. and immediately to our right is the Ticket Office. You won't need that because               Q15

you've got your group booking, but just past it are the toilets- ·always good to know where

they are. In front of us is the car park, as you can see, and to the left, by the entry gate is the

Gift Shop. That's where you can get copies of the guide, like this one here.                         Q16

Now, beyond the car park all the buildings are arranged in a half circle with a yard in the

middle. The big, stone building at the top is the main Workshop. That's where the furnace is Q17

and where all the metal was smelted and the tools were cast, as you'll be able to see. Now, in

the top right-hand corner. that building with bigger windows is the Showroom, where                  Q18

samples of all the tools that were made through the ages are on display. In the top left

corner is the Grinding Shop, where the tools were sharpened and finished. And on one side

of that you can see the Engine Room and on the other is the .G.afu. which isn't an antique, Q19

you'll be pleased to know, though they do serve very nice old-fashioned teas.

The row of buildings you can see on the left are the cottages. These were built for the              Q20

workers towards the end of the eighteenth century and they're still furnished from that

period so you can get a good idea of ordinary people's living conditions. Across the yard

from them, you can see the stables where the horses were kept for transporting the products.

And the separate building in front of them is the Works Office and that still has some of the

old accounts on display.

Right, if anyone wants a guided tour then I'm starting at the Engine Room. If you'd like to

come along. this way please. ladies and gentlemen.

SECTION 3

MELANIE :    Excuse me, Or Johnson. May I speak to you for a minute?
DR JOHNSON:  Sure. Come in.
MELANIE:     I'm Melanie Griffin. I'm taking your course in Population Studies.
DR JOHNSON:  Right. Well, Melanie, how can I help you?
MELANIE:     I'm . . . having a bit of trouble with the second assignment, and it's due in
             twelve days.
oR JOHNSON:  What sort of trouble are you having? Is the assignment question a problem?

132
MELANIE:   Well, that's part of the problem. I'm also having- been having- trouble

           getting hold of the books. I've been to the library several times, and all the

           books are out.

DR JOHNSON: Sounds like you should have started borrowing books a bit earlier.

MELANIE:   Well, I had a really big assignment due in for another course. and I've been Q21

           spending all my time on that, and I thought ...

DR JOHNSON: ... You might get an extension of time to finish your assignment for me?

MELANIE :  If that's possible, but I don't know . ..

DR JOHNSON: Well, yes, it is possible, but extensions are normally given only for medical or Q22

           compassionate reasons, otherwise it's really a question of organising your

           study, and we don't like giving extensions to students who simply didn't plan

           their work properly. What did you get for your first assignment?

MELANIE:   I got eighty-seven per cent.

DR JOHNSON: Mmm, yes. you did very well indeed, so obviously you can produce good

           work.

MELANIE:   I don't think I'll need too much extra time, as long as I can get hold of some

           of the important references.

DR JOHNSON: Well. since you did so well in your first assignment. I'm prepared to give you

           an extra two weeks for this one, so that'll mean you'll need to submit it about

           a month from now.

MELANIE :  Thank you.

. DR JOHNSON: Now, what about the reading materials? Have you checked out the journal

           articles in the list?

MELANIE:   Umm, no, not yet, there were about twenty of them, and I wasn't sure which

           ones would be most useful or important.

DR JOHNSON: Well, they 're all useful, but I don't expect anyone to read them all, because a

           number of them deal with the same issues. Let me give you some suggestions.

           The article by Anderson and Hawker is really worth reading.

MELANIE:   Right, I'll read that one.

DR JOHNSON: You should also read the article by Jackson, but just look at the part on the

           research methodology- how they did it.                                             Q23

MELANIE:   OK . .. Jackson, got that ...

DR JOHNSON: And if you have time, the one by Roberts says very relevant things, although

           it's not essential.

MELANIE:   So, OK. if it's~. I'll try and read that one . . .                                 Q24

DR JOHNSON: Now, the one by Morris. I wouldn't bother with that at this stage, if I were

           you.

MELANIE:   OK. I won't bother with Morris. Oh, now, someone told me the article by Q25

           Cooper is important.

DR JOHNSON: Well. yes. in a way, but just look at the last part. where he discusses the       Q26

           research results. And lastly. there's Forster- I can't think why I included

           that one. It's not bad and could be of some help. but not that much.               Q27

DR JOHNSON: Now, let's deal with the assignment question. What's the problem there?

MELANIE:   It's the graph on page two.

                                                                                                   133
DR JOHNSON: What seems to be the problem? It's just the bar graph showing reasons why

           people change where they live.                     ·

MELANI E:  Well, I've got a photocopy but the reasons at the bottom are missing.

oR JOHNSON: Ab, OK. Look at the first bar on the graph- now that indicates the number of

           people who move because they want more space.

MELANIE :  Oh I see . .. bar one. OK . .. Now what about the next bar?

oR JOHN SON: Bar two is to do with the people living neartzy disturbing them, so they chose Q28

           to move away to somewhere quieter. Now let's look at bar number three .. .

           another reason people change their place of living is because they want to be

           closer to the city.

MELANIE :  OK. Proximity to the city is an issue .. .

DR JOHNSON: Now . . . bar number four refers to problems when the owner of the property

           won't help fix things that go wrong. In other words, the owner is not helpful Q29

           and so the tenants move out.

MELANI E:  OK .. . Now what about bar five?

oR JOHN SON: Bar five is about those people who move because they need a bus or train to

           get them into the city or to go to work.

MELANIE :  OK .. . And bar six?

DR JOHNSON: Bar number six is interesting. That reason was given quite a lot- people

           moving because they wanted to be in a more attractive neighbourhood.                     Q30

MELANI E:  Oh, yes, thank you very much.

SECTION 4

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. I have been asked today to talk to you about the urban

landscape. There are two major areas that I will focus on in my talk: how vegetation can

have a significant effect on urban climate, and how we can better plan our cities using trees Q31

to provide a more comfortable environment for us to live in.

Trees can have a significant impact on our cities. They can make a city, as a whole, a bit less

windy or a bit more windy. if that's what you want. They can make it a bit cooler if it's a hot Q32

summer day in an Australian city, or they can make it a bit more humid if it's a dry inland Q33

city. On the local scale - that is, in particular areas within the city - trees can make the local

area more shady. cooler, more humid and much less windy. In fact trees and planting of              Q34

various kinds can be used to make city streets actually less dangerous in particular areas. Q35

How do trees do all that, you ask?

Well, the main difference between a tree and a building is a tree has got an internal

mechanism to _keep the temperature regulated. It evaporates water through its~ and Q36

that means that the temperature of the leaves is never very far from our own body

temperature. The temperature of a building surface on a hot sunny day can easily be twenty

degrees more than our temperature. Trees, on the other hand, remain cooler than buildings

because they sweat. This means that they can humidify the air and cool it- a property

which can be exploited to improve the local climate.

134
   Trees can also help break the force of winds. The reason that high buildings make it windier
at grQ!.!lld level is that, as the wind goes higher and higher, it goes faster and faster. When Q37
the wind hits the building, it has to go somewhere. Some of it goes over the top and some
goes around the sides of the building, forcing those high level winds down to ground level.
That doesn't happen when you have trees. Trees filter the wind and considerably reduce it, Q38
preventing those very large strong gusts that you so often find around tall buildings.

   Another problem in built-up areas is that traffic noise is Intensified by tall buildings. By
planting a belt of trees at the side of the road, you can make things a little quieter, but
much of the vehicle noise still goes through the trees. Trees can also help reduce the amount
of noise in the surroundings, although the effect is not as large as people like to think. .J...Qw- Q39
frequency noise, in particular,just goes through the trees as though they aren't there.

   Although trees can significantly improve the local climate, they do however take up a lot of
space. There are root systems to consider and branches blocking windows and so on. It may
therefore be difficult to fit trees into the local landscape. There is not a great deal you can do
if you have what we call a street canyon - a whole set of high-rises enclosed in a narrow
street. Trees need water to grow. They also need some sunlight to grow and you need room Q40
to put them. If you have the chance of knocking buildings down and replacing them, then
suddenly you can start looking at different ways to design the streets and to introduce . . .
(fade out)

                                          TEST 2

SECTION 1

SALLY:   Oh, Peter, there you are. You 've been ages. What kept you so long?                  E x ample
         I'm sorry I'm so late, Sally. Have you been waiting long?                            Ql
PETER:   Oh, half an hour. But it doesn't matter. I've had a coffee and I've been reading     Q2
         this guidebook for tourists. Sit down. You look very hot and tired. What would       Q3
SALLY:   you like to drink?
         I'd love a really chilled mineral water or something. Will you have another coffee?  Q4
PETER:   Yes. I will. The waitress will be back in a moment. Why were you so late? Did
         something happen?
SALLY:   Yes. You know I went to the bank to cash some travellers cheques? Well , the
         exchange rate was looking healthy, but when I went to the teller, they told me the
PETER:   computer system was temporarily down, so they couldn't do any transactions.
         They said the problem would be fixed in a few minutes, so I waited. And then I
SALLY :  started talking to another guy in the bank, and I forgot the time.
         Oh, really? Someone you met in the bank? Does he work there?
PETER:   No, he was a tourist. from New York. His name's Henry, and he 's been here for a
         week, but he 's moving on to Germany tomorrow. He's an architect, and he's
SALLY:   spending four weeks travelling around Europe.
         Just like us!
PETER :  Yeah, just like us. He told me the names of some places where we should eat.
         Great food, and not too expensive, he said. Oh, and he also gave me this map of
         the bus system. He said he didn't need it any more.

                                                                                                         135
SALLY: That's useful. Pity he's moving on tomorrow. Ah, here's the waitress. Let's order.

         Do you want anything to eat, or shall we just have a drink?

PETER: Well, I'm hungry. and we've got a lot of sightseeing to do, so let's just have

         a snack and a drink.                                                                      Q5

SALLY: Sounds good to me!

PETER:   Well, let's decide what we'll see today. I guess the best place to start is the
SALLY:
         Cathedral, and then the Castle. What are the opening times for those two?
PETER :
         Well, according to this guidebook, the Cathedral is only open from nine-thirty'
SALLY:
         in the morning until midday. No, hang on. That's the Cathedral Museum. The
PETER:
         Cathedral itself is open morning and afternoon. The Castle is just open from one Q6
SALLY:
PETER:   to five, so we can't go there until after lunch. I really want to spend some time in
SALLY:
PETER:   the Art Gallery, because they've got this wonderful painting by Rembrandt that
SALLY:
PETER:   I've always wanted to see.
SALLY:
         What else should we see?

         Well, the guidebook says the Botanical Gardens are worth spending some time in,

         and they're open all day. from eight to six, so we can go there any time. I'd like to go

         to the Markets near the river too, but . . . oh . . . no, wait, that's only in the

         mornings, too.

         As well as today and tomorrow, we can see some other places on Monday, you

         know. But I don't think the Markets will be open then; they only open on                  Q7

         Thursdays, so we've missed them for this week. Maybe we should go to the

         Cathedral today because it's Sunday tomorrow, and even though it's open every

         day it might be more difficult to get in tomorrow because of the church services.

         That's true, but the Art Gallery isn't open on Sundays at all , so we'll have to go

         there today. The Castle's open every day except Mondays, so we're OK there, ~d

         the Gardens of course only close at night.

         Are all these places free or do we have to pay to go in? What does the guidebook

         say?

         I think there 's a charge for all of them except the Botanical Gardens. Oh, and the Q8

         Markets, of course you don't pay to go in.

         OK. well, it looks like our plan is this: we 'll go to see the painting you like first, Q9

         the Rembrandt, then have lunch and go on to the Castle after that. and then the

         Cathedral.

         OK. It says here that the roof of the Cathedral is really beautiful.

         Is that right? What I really want to do at the Cathedral is climb the tower. The          QJO

         view is supposed to be spectacular.

         OK. well, that'll be more than enough for today. Then, tomorrow, let's go to the

         Botanical Gardens and have a picnic. I want to sit by the river and watch the swans.

         This city's famous for them.

SECTION 2

So the counselling services we offer deal with any problems arising from your studies, or in
your life outside the university. Let's take academic counselling. If you're confused about

136
subjects or how to combine them in your degree, then we can advise you and discuss the

career you are aiming for, so that you can see it all in context. We can also chase up your

tutor if you 're not getting proper feedback on how you are getting on in your subject.          Qll

Besides help with academic problems, you may also need personal counselling: if you

think you're already under stress, well, just wait till classes begin next week. You'll have to

start adjusting to teaching and learning methods that may be unfamiliar to you, as well as

the mounting pressure as the deadline for that first assignment creeps up on you. And of Q12

course, you have to cope with all this without your usual social network- you know, the

social contacts. family and friends you could normally rely on for help. All of this causes Q13

anxiety. Studying overseas can trigger a personal crisis - you may have left a Jot of what

you might call 'unfinished business' back in your own country. or you may have interrupted Ql4

personal relationships or even sometimes have broken them off to come overseas, and so the

student often feels lonely, unhappy, unmotivated and unable to concentrate on studying.

Or there may be other things bothering you. Our resident chaplain can offer you spiritual

guidance if that's what you want. or we can put you in touch with community groups that

can provide you with social contacts and friendship.

What about exam stress? It affects nearly everyone to some extent, but especially overseas

students like yourselves. There may be a huge amount of family pressure on you to succeed,

and if you fail a subject or drop out of a course because it's too difficult then your self-     QI5

esteem can suffer. But it's not the end of the world if you don't pass an exam - I had to resit

First Year Anthropology, so I can certainly offer you a sympathetic ear! Anyway, exam

failure can lead to worrying changes in the way you normally behave. You may also be off

your food, or you may have dietary problems because the local food is not to your liking Q16

and upsets you , and this can affect your health and studies. Glenda Roberts is our dietician

in the Health Service and we can put you on to her.

And we all have money problems, don't we? But remember, full-time students can get a

low-interest loan of up to six hundred dollars to buy books and for similar study-related Ql7

expenses. That's right, and you can get double that amount if you can't afford an item of

equipment you need for your course - a musical instrument, for example. And it doesn't stop

there. When you move into a flat, starting-up expenses, including furniture for it, can be       Q18

covered by a loan through the Welfare Service- see ]ill Freeman for details.

Can we help you? Well, last academic year. in spite of staff cuts. we counselled twQ             Q19

hundred and forty international students for a total of twenty-six hundred hours

counselling, and, finally we won all but just one of the twelve appeals that we launched on

behalf of students. Not too bad for an understaffed service. don't you think? That's all         Q20

from me. Thank you.

SECTION 3

ROSA :  Oh, there you are, good. Sorry I'm a bit late- there was a long queue. So, have you
        worked out how to deal with this assignment then?
MICK :  Not yet, we've only been here a couple of minutes ourselves.
ROSA:   Can you just remind me what the task is exactly?

                                                                                                      137
PETE : Well, there are two, no, three, parts to it: first, we've got to write an essay about

     ways of collecting data. Then . . .

ROSA: What's the title of the essay exactly?

MICK: I've got it here: 'Assess the two main methods of collecting data in social science Q21

     research' .

ROSA: And how much do we need to write?

MICK: Fifteen hundred words. That's for the essay. Then. for the second part of the           Q22

     assignment, we have to choose one method of data collection, and 'carry out a

     small-scale study, making appropriate use of the method chosen to gather data

     from at least five subjects'.                                                            Q23

ROSA : And then we have to write a report on the study?

PETE: That's right. of three to four thousand words.                                          Q24

ROSA : Did you get as far as discussing which form of data collection we should go for -

     questionnaire or interview, isn't it?

MICK : Yeah, I think we should use a questionnaire. It'll be so much less time-consuming

     than organising interviews, I reckon. Once we've agreed on the wording of it, we

     only have to send it out and wait for the responses.

ROSA: Yes, I think it probably would be quicker. But what did that article he gave us last

     week say about the quality of data from questionnaires?

MICK : I'm pretty sure it recommended questionnaires as a source of 'highly reliable data' .

     As long as you design the questionnaire properly in the first place, the data will be

     fine.

ROSA : No, I'm sure it talked about drawbacks as well, didn't it? Something about the

     response rate and the problems you get if it's too low.                                  Q25

MICK: Yeah, but we only need data from five subjects anyway.

ROSA: I suppose so. Another drawback I remember it mentioned was that questionnaire

     data tends not to reveal anything unexpected, because it is limited to the questions Q26

     fixed in advance by the researcher.

MICK: Come on, Rosa. This is only a practice. It's not meant to be real research, is it?

ROSA : Well, I'm not sure about that.

ROSA : Maybe I'd better go through the article again, just to be sure. Can you remember

     what it was called?

MICK: 'Sample Surveys in Social Science Research'. I think. By Mehta.                         Q27

ROSA: M-E-H-T-A?

MICK: Yeah. And he also recommended a more recent book, called 'Survey Research', by Q28

     Bell, I think. It's in that series published by London University.                       Q29

PETE: And if we tried to use interviews instead, I saw a book in the departmental library

     that'll be helpful: it's called 'Interviews That Work', by Wilson, published in Oxford

     in nineteen eighty-eight.                                                                Q30

ROSA : Right. I've got a tutorial now. Can we meet up again later this week? What about

     Friday morning?

PETE: Suits me. Eleven o'clock?

ROSA: Fine.

MICK: Before Friday, I think we should all look through the reading list.

138
SECTION 4

So far, in these lectures, we 've been looking at crimes like robbery and murder- both from a

historical viewpoint and also in contemporary society - and we've seen that the

preoccupation in Western society with crime and with lawlessness is part of a long and

continuous tradition, rather than something which is new and unique to modern society.

But over the past seventy years or so. there has been a massive increase in one type of

crime, which is what's known as 'corporate crime'. Corporate crime is crime which, as the

name suggests, is connected with companies, with business organisations. It includes illegal Q31

acts of either individuals or a group within the company, but what is important is that these

acts are normally in accordance with the goals of the company - they're for the good of the

company rather than the individual. It's been defined as, quote, 'crime which is committed

for the corporate organisation' - the company - 'not against it', unquote.

So crimes like theft b.y employees- things like embezzlement or fraud against one's               Q32

actual employer are excluded according to this definition. The employees may be involved

but they're acting in the first place for the company - they may not even realise they're

committing a crime or they may realise but they feel it's excusable because it's policy, or

because otherwise they may lose their jobs. So here, really, we're talking about the links

between power and crime.

Now, this is one area that much less is generally known about than conventional or

traditional crime. It has been relatively ignored by the mass media- for example, it tends to Q33

be under-reported in comparison with conventional crime in news broadcasts, and in crime

serials and films and so on - they very rarely deal with corporate crime. And it also tends to

be Ignored in academic circles- there 's been far more research on conventional crime and Q34

far more data is available.

There are several reasons for this lack of interest in corporate crime, compared with other

types of crime. It's often very complex, whereas with conventional crime it's usually possible

to follow what's going on without specialist knowledge. As well as this. whereas                  Q35

conventional crime usually has a Jot of human interest, corporate crime often has much

less. The third reason, and possibly the most significant one, is that very often the victims

are unaware - they think their misfortune is an accident or that it's the fault of no-one in Q36

particular. They're unaware that they've been victims of a crime.

So, when we look at the effects of corporate crime we may find it's very difficult to assess

the costs. But these costs can be very considerable in both their economic and social aspects.

Let's look at the economic costs first. For example, if a company is producing fruit juice

and it dilutes its product so that it's just a little below the concentration it should be, many

millions of people may be paying a small amount extra for their carton of orange juice.

Now small amounts like this may seem insignificant for individual customers- too small to Q37

worry about - but for the company this deception might result in massive illegal profit.          Q38

However, all studies of corporate crime agree that the individuals are in fact deprived of far

more money by such crime than they are by conventional crime like robbery and theft.

In addition to this, we have to consider the social costs of corporate crime and these are

again very difficult to assess, but they are considerable. They're important because they can

undermine the faith of the public in the business world and also, more importantly, because

                                                                                                       139
the main group of people they affect are, in fact, not the richer sections of society but the    Q39&
poorer - so here companies are robbing the poor to benefit the rich.                             Q40

   There are two more points to do with corporate crime that I'd like to illustrate with
reference to a specific event which occurred several years ago. This was an explosion of a
large oil tanker which caused the loss of more than fifty lives of the crew. It was an
explosion which never should have happened and a subsequent inquiry laid the blame not
on anyone who had actually been on the tanker at the time, but on the owners of the tanker.
They had deliberately decided not to carry out necessary repair work on the tanker as it
was due to be sold, and it was this lack of repair work which was directly responsible for
the explosion.

   Now this illustrates two points to do with corporate crime. First of all. that it does not
have to be intentional. The owners of the tanker certainly did not intend it to explode. But
very serious consequences can result from people or organisations not considering the
possible results of their actions seriously enough. The main crime here was indifference to
the human results rather than actual intention to harm anyone. but that didn't make the
results any less tragic.

   And this leads me to my second point - that corporate crime can have very severe
consequences. It's not just a matter of companies making bigger profits than they should
do, but of events which may affect the lives of innocent people, and yet very often
companies, because they say they didn't intend to harm anyone, can avoid taking
responsibility for the results of their actions. And that has been a very dangerous loophole
in the law.

  A further example of corporate crime was . . . (fade out)

           TEST 3

SECTION 1

LYNDA:   Sara, I've heard that you want to move into a homestay family. Is that correct?         Example
SARA :   Yes, that's right. I've been staying with my aunt and now my cousin is arriving         Ql
         from Singapore and my aunt needs the room for him.                                      Q2
LYNDA :  Oh, that's bad luck. Well , I'll need to get some particulars first. Sara, what's your  Q3
         full name?
SARA:    Sara Lim, and that's Sara without the 'h' at the end.
LYNDA:   Mmm. How old are you, Sara?
SARA :   Twenty-three, only just. It was my birthday on the twenty-first of August.
LYNDA :  Happy birthday for yesterday. How long have you been in Australia?
SARA:    A year jn Adelaide and six months in Sydney. I prefer Sydney, I've got more
         friends here.
LYNDA:   What's your address at your aunt's hous.e?
SARA:    Flat one, five three nine EQrn1 Road, Canterbury. A~d the post code is two,
         o, three, six.
LYNDA:   OK. What are you studying now?
SARA :   I was studying General English in Adelaide and now I'm doing Academic
         English, because I'm trying to get into Medicine next year.

140
LYNDA: That sounds good. but it'll take you a long time. When would you like to move

out from your aunt's?

SARA: My cousin arrives ·on Friday morning, so I'd better be out on Thursday.                 Q4

LYNDA: What, the seventh of September?

SARA: Yes, that's right.

LYNDA: That doesn't leave us much time. Right. OK. I need to know what kind of

accommodation you'd like, so I can get you something suitable.

SARA: Can I share a room with someone else? I've been alone in my room at my aunt's Q5

and I've always shared with my sister and I like that.

LYNDA: Yes, fine. That'll save you money too. Would you like to live with a family or do

you think that a single person would be better for you? I have lots of very nice Q6

single people on my books.

SARA: Do you have any women living alone, retired women?

LYNDA: Yes, I have quite a few whose children have grown up and left home. In fact. I

have some really lovely retired ladies. living by themselves. who just love the

company of students. Most of them live in flats, but that's not a problem for you , Q7

is it?

SARA: Not at all. I'm used to that. My aunt lives in a flat too. remember. I'm not used

to a big house with a garden, swimming pool, pets and all that.

LYNDA : OK, fine. I know quite a bit about what you want now. I should let you know

that your rent will be a hundred and sixty dollars per week. You 'll have to pay

me three hundred and twenty dollars as a deposit before you move in. The                      Q8

deposit is as insurance, in case you break something. You 'll need to pay monthly Q9

to me, by cash or cheque, I don't mind. You don't need to pay for gas, electricity

or water, but you will need to pay your proportion of the phone bill. Most                    QJO

families do that on an honour system, but you'll have to wait and see.

SARA: Mmm.

LYNDA: Have you got any more questions for me?

SARA: When will you know where I can go?

LYNDA: I'll work on it now. so come and see me tomorrow and I should have some news

for you then.

SARA: Thanks a lot.

LYNDA: Goodbye. See you tomorrow- after lunch would be better for me.

SARA: OK, see you then. Bye.

SECTION 2

GEOFFREY:  Good evening, and in this week's edition of 'Focus on the Arts'. Jane
JANE:      Hemmington is going to fill us in on what's in store for us at this year's
           Summer Festival. Over to you, Jane.
           Thank you, Geoffrey. This year, the Summer Festival is the biggest we've
           ever seen, so there should be something for everybody. This is the third year
           they 've run it and the timing's slightly different: for the last couple of years

                                                                                                   141
     it's been around the fifth to seventeenth, but this year they wanted to allow

     everyone enough time to recover from the first of January celebrations and

     they've put it at the end of the month.                                             Qll

     The programme has sensational theatre, dance and also a large number

     of art exhibitions, but the thing the Festival is most famous for is its great

     street music. For today 's report though, Geoffrey, I'm looking at some of .

     the theatrical events that you might like to see; in particular, at this year's     QI2

     theme-- circuses.

     I'm going to tell you about two circus performances, but there are~ QJ3

     of others in the programme. I've chosen these because they represent

     distinct movements within Circus performance. The first is the Circus

     Romano from Italy. As this is a travelling circus, it follows a long tradition

     by performing in a marquee - which is really like a canvas portable building, QJ4

     usually put up in a green space or car park, rather than in a theatre or stadium.

     In spite of this, Circus Romano isn't at all like the traditional circuses I grew

     up with. There are no animals -just very talented clowning and acrobatic

     routines. The show has a lot of very funny moments, especially at the

     beginning, but the best part is the music and lighting. They're magical. At         Q15

     forty-five dollars it's very expensive anyway- it's really for adl.l.l1 tastes. In  QJ6

     fact, much of it would be wasted on children - so I suggest you leave them at

     home.

     The second circus performance is Circus Electrica at the Studio Theatre. QJ7

     The purists are suggesting that this isn't a circus at all. It's a showcase for

     skills in dance and magic, rather than the usual ones you expect in a circus.

     With only six performers it's a small production, which suits the venue well -

     the Studio only seats about two hundred people. For my money it's the aerial

     displays which are outstanding as well as the magical tricks - features which

     are missing from Circus Romano . An interesting feature of the show is that

     the performers are so young - the youngest is only fourteen. But it's still well

     worth seeing: a good one for the whole family.                                      Q18

     And finally, as it's summer, you may wish to see some of the Festival

     performances that are being presented outdoors. Like the famous Mekong

     Water Puppet Troupe, performing in the City Gardens this week. Now, water QJ9

     puppetry is amazing! It's large puppets on long sticks, controlled by

     puppeteers standing waist deep in the lake. The puppets do comedy routines

     and there is some terrific formation dancing. This is a fantastic show and the

     best moment comes at the end - seeing the puppeteers. When the troupe

     walks up out of the water, you get this amazing feeling . It's really hard to

     believe that what you've been watching is lifeless wood and cloth. As an adult,

     I had a great time, but I did note that other older people in the audience

     weren't quite as taken with it as I was. It's a must for young children though, Q20

     and that's the audience it's really aimed at.

     Well, that's all I've time for today, but I'll be back next week with more news

     of what's worth seeing and what it's best to miss.

142
SECTION 3

OFFICER: Hello. Er, I'm Dawn Matthews.

STUDENT: Yes, hello. I've been referred to you because I'm enquiring about the refresher

          courses that you run. I'd like to find out a bit more about them.

OFFICER: OK. Well, we run quite a few different short courses for students who are

          either returning to study or studying part-time. Urn, tell me about your            Q21

          situation.

STUDENT: Well, I think that I really need some help in preparing for the coming semester,

          especially to build up my confidence a bit and help me study effectively

          because, you see, I've been out in the work-force for nearly twelve years now, so

          it really is a long time since I was last a student.

OFFICER: Yes, it can seem like a long time, can't it? Urn, well, let me start by telling you

          what courses we have that might suit you. Are you an undergraduate or a

          postgraduate? Arts or Sciences?

STUDENT: Undergraduate, and I'm in the Business faculty.

OFFICER: Right then. First of all, there's our intensive 'Study for Success' seminar on

          the first and second of February. It's aimed at students like you who are           Q22

          uncertain about what to expect at college, and looks at a fairly wide range of

          approaches to university learning, to motivate you to begin your study and

          build on your own learning strategies.

STUDENT: Mm, that sounds good. What are some of the strategies that are presented?

OFFICER: Well, we try to cover all aspects of study. Some of the strategies in writing, for

          example, would be improving your planning for writing, organising your

          thinking and building some techniques to help you write more clearly. With Q23

          reading, there'll be sessions aimed at getting into the habit of analysing          Q24

          material as you read it, and tips to help you record and remember what you

          have read. It really is very important to begin reading confidently right from

          the beginning.

STUDENT: Mm.

OFFICER: There's also advice on how to get the most from your lectures and practice in

          giving confident presentations, as well as how to prepare for exams.

STUDENT: What about the motivational side of things?

OFFICER: Ah. Well, there's a range of motivational exercises that we do to help the

          students feel positive and enthusiastic about their study. The process of           Q25

          learning and exploring a subject can lead to a whole new way of looking at

          the world, and the study skills and techniques that you build up can be applied

          in all sorts of different ways.

STUDENT:  Actually, I ... I'm very excited about the whole thing of taking up studying
OFFICER:  again but, you know, I'm a little nervous about whether I'll manage to get
          everything done. I suppose it's the same for all mature students?
          Of course it is. Two of the key components of the course are time management Q26
          and overcoming procrastination. People discover that, once they learn to plan
          their days, all the work can be accomplished and there'll still be time for leisure.

                                                                                                   143
STUDENT: Is there an enrolment fee?

OFFICER: Well, er. oh. just a minute, let's see .. . Ah, the cost is thirty pounds, which

includes all course materials and morning tea. You have to arrange your own

lunch.

STUDENT: That wouldn't be a problem. I already make sandwiches for my three kids and

my wife and myself every day. I won't have to change my routine.

OFFICER: No. Now, I need to tell you that this is a very popular course and it's essential

that you book well ahead of time. In fact. the Course Convenor tells me that Q27

there are only five places left.

STUDENT: What other course might be good for me?

OFFICER: There is one other that you could benefit from. It's simply called 'Learning

Skills for University Study' and is on three consecutive mornings starting on Q28

a Monday. from nine to twelve, and costs twenty-five pounds. This is aimed

at upgrading the study skills most school-leavers have and help them cope with

the increased demands of university study. It focuses mainly on making

students more responsible for their own success.

STUDENT: What sort of things are covered in this course?

OFFICER: Well, basically it's more advanced thinking, note-taking. reading and writing

strategies, but also some input about stress management.                                    Q29

STUDENT: I think I'd be better off starting from the basics and looking at all the          QJO

strategies, don't you?

OFFICER : Yes, from what you've told me, I think that's more in line with your situation.

STUDENT: Alright then, urn, can I book a place on the 'Study for Success' seminar course

now?

OFFICER: Yes. Let me just get out a registration fo rm and take down your details.

SECTION 4

We're very grateful that the Committee has agreed that a representative for the Students'
Union can present students' suggestions about the design for the proposed new Union
building. We appreciate that some of our ideas may not be feasible in the circumstances,
but we do feel that it is important that the ultimate beneficiaries of the facilities should
have some say in its design.

   If I could start by briefly explaining what steps were taken to find out student opinion
and how we have arrived at conclusions. Firstly. a meeting was held in the current Union for
our SU Committee to explain the options. T hen we invited all students to submit written
suggestions for the design, placing cards in a suggestion box. These suggestions then
provided the basis for the design of a questionnaire . which was completed by approximately Q31, Q32
two thousand of the College students over a period of three weeks. Finally, the SU
Committee collated the results and drew up a report. If I can just hand around a copy of
that report. This presentation is essentially a summary and discussion of the key points of
this report.

  So, in broad terms, the consensus was as follows. Firstly. regarding the crucial matter of
the site, we presented the three options that you have proposed. One: in the city centre, near

144
the Faculty of Education: two: on the outskirts of the city, near the park, and three: out of Q33

town, near the halls of residence. We asked students to cite reasons for and against these Q34

sites and, and there was remarkable agreement on all three. Site One was unpopular

because of traffic and parking problems. Site Two had a number of supporters, mainly          Q35

because it was close to most lecture rooms. And Site Three, out of town , near the halls of Q36

residence. was clearly the most popular because of access from living quarters. It was clear

that the Union was mainly to be used after lectures. It was also felt that the larger site

would allow more room for a choice of facilities.                                             Q37

   Our second area of interest was obviously the facilities: there was minimal interest in
having a library on the premises, but one option seemed to be a reading room instead -
more useful. We would like the current table games room to be replaced with a small gym. Q38
And, if possible, a small swimming pool - not. of course, Olympic-sized! There was a large
number of respondents in favour of a travel agent's and insurance centre. We also request
that there be the offices of the Student Counselling Centre, moving this from the Refectory.
There was, however, much disagreement about whether to build a drama theatre. Just over
forty per cent of the respondents were in favour, but a largish minority were strongly
against it, claiming that it is elitist and a waste of funds. Essentially the jury is out on that. Q39

   Fina!Jy, given the number of unfortunate incidents in the current Union over the past few
months, a strong point was repeatedly made about security. The recommendations would be
at least video surveillance and security personnel who wouid check Student Union cards on Q40
~· We doubt if it would be feasible to have a check at reception of all people coming
in.

   Well, this is the summary of the views of the student population. As I say. fuller details
are given in our report but I'm happy to take any questions if you have them . . . (fade out)

           TEST 4 ,

SECTION 1

LISA :  Hi Tony, thanks ever so much for coming. You know we've been asked to organise        Example
        something for John's farewell?                                                        Ql
TONY:   Yeah, sure, it's about time we started working out details.
LISA :  Exactly. We don't want to leave it so late that it's double the work.
TONY:   Mmm, mm, right, do you want me to take notes?
LISA:   That'd be great, thanks.
TONY :  Right, first thing is, when is the best time to hold it?
LISA:   Well , he leaves on the twenty-fourth of December.
TONY    So what about the twenty-second?
LISA :  Yeah, I think that's about right. We want it quite near the time, don't we?
TONY :  Sure. and what about a venue? In co!Jege? A hotel?
LISA :  I think a hotel will probably work out rather expensive, and I've been looking at
        the College Dining Room; that seems pretty reasonable.

                                                                                                        145
TONY: Fine, yeah, why not?

LISA: And then we ought to be thinking about invitations . .. Who mustn't we forget to

     invite?

TONY: Well, obviously John and his wife.

LISA: Right.

TONY: And the Director.

LISA: Ahha.

TONY: The office staff.                                                                   Q2

LISA: Yep, and all the teachers and all the students.                                     Q3

TONY: Anyone else?

LIS A: Faculty Heads?

TONY: No, better draw the line, I don't think it's necessary.

LISA: Yeah, you're right.

TONY: I don't mind writing the invitations. When shall we get them out for?

LISA: Enough time but not too early. What about the fifteenth of December?

TONY: Well, there are exams on the sixteenth - better avoid them.

LISA: Tenth?                                                                              Q4

TONY: Yeah, that should do it.

LISA: So what does that leave? Oh yes, a present.

TONY: Would you mind doing that?

LISA: No, not at all; we usually go round with an envelope during coffee break,           Q5

     don't we?

TONY: Yeah, coffee break's always the best time, 'cos people have got their money handy.

LISA: Yeah, exactly. Do we suggest an amount? Or does it seem a bit unfair?

TONY: No, I think people welcome it. We suggested~ dollars last time, is that OK?         Q6

LISA: Yeah, plenty I would have thought, which should leave us with about ninety

     dollars.

TONY: Have you any ideas for presents?

LISA: Well, I've been having a little think. I thought, you know, he loves music.

TONY: Yeah, and books.

LISA: So, I thought I'd check on prices for, well, perhaps CD players.

TONY: Yeah, that's a, that's a good idea, and also I thought maybe. you know. a~          Q7

     dictionaries. I heard him say he needed a good one.

LISA: The other thing he was saying last week was that his computer printer had broken.

TONY: Umm. No, I'd be really frightened about getting the wrong type.

LISA: OK, yeah.

TONY: The other thing is something for the home - Jill suggested a coffee maker.

LISA: Oh yeah. I'll certainly find out what they cost. OK. have you got all that down?

TONY: Yes.

LISA: Now we need to think a little more about the money. I know we've got a set

     amount from the Social Fund.

TONY: Right, what does that cover?

LISA: It's meant to cover the cost of the room.

146
TONY: Yeah.

LISA: And a certain amount for food.

TONY: And also drinks?

LISA: Oh yeah, certainly.

TONY: But will it be enough?

LISA : What we 've done in the past is to ask guests to bring some snacks.

TONY: Right.

LISA: We don't ask them to bring more drinks because we figure that's ... that should

come from the Social Fund.

TONY: OK. Anything else for the guests to bring?

LISA : Well, some music, because there'll be a tape deck there in the room, and we can  Q8

have some dancing later on.

TONY: Anything else?

LISA: Well, it's just a thought, but a couple of years ago we had a really good party

where we set up, you know, some simple games.

TONY: Yeah, great. Wasn't it based on photos from the students and teachers?

LISA: That's right.

TONY: So we should ask the guests to bring~· OK. I'll put it on the invitations.        Q9

LISA: Now the last thing is, who shall we ask to do the~?                               QJO

TONY: · Don't you think it might be nice to have one of the students?

LISA: Well then, the Student Leader?

TONY: Yeah, much better than the Director giving speeches again.

LISA: OK then, I'll ask her. Lovely! So, is that all?

TONY: Looks like it.

LISA: Great. Thanks ever so much .. . (fade our)

SECTION 2

SPEAKER 1:   Thank you for calling the free Travelite Travel Agency Information Line.
SPEAKER 2:   You will not be charged for this call.

                In order to deal with all calls effectively, we offer you a number of
             options. Please listen carefully and press your required number at the
             appropriate time, or dial a new number.

                If you want to hear about special offers, please press one. If you want to
             hear our latest price lists, please press~. If you wantto make a complaint, QJJ
             please press three. If you want information about our new walking holidays.
             please press four now.
             Thank you for calling our Travelite Walking Holidays Line. We have been
             offering a wide variety of walking holidays to suit all tastes for just three
             years, but already we have won two awards for excellence in this field. We
             offer guided walking tours to suit the discerning traveller in twelve different
             centres throughout the whole of Western Europe. We are planning to open Q12
             our first centre outside this area in the coming year, so watch out for
             developments.

                                                                                              147
       But the pride of Travelite is the level of guidance and support we offer

       on our walks. All are planned in detail by our highly trained guides, who all

       work in a variety of different Travelite locations, so we can guarantee

       standards. Each day we offer three separate walks catering for all skills and QJ3

       fitness levels.

       We also pride ourselves on our friendly service, particularly important for

       the increasing numbers of people who choose to holiday alone. Unlike

       almost all travel operators who happily charge large supplements for single

       rooms, we guarantee that no single client will pay more. even when only               Ql4

       double rooms are available for them. And the day doesn't end with the

       return to base .. . after our dinner at communal tables designed to make all

       our guests feel part of a family atmosphere . .. Entertainment is laid on

       nearly every night with tour leaders on hand to organise lectures, games, QJ5

       quizzes and respond to any special requests from guests.

          The following is a summary of costs and special inclusive offers on holidays
       for the coming summer. We have three lengths of holiday: three-day, seven-
       day and fourteen-day. The three-day holiday costs one hundred and eighty QJ6
       dollars for all accommodation, food and walking, and for the first time this
       year we are including in that price ... the cost of picking you up from the
       nearest station. The seven-day holiday costs three hundred and fifty dollars Ql 7
       per person and, as well as including the offers of the three-day holiday. also
       includes a magnificent book giving the local history. On top of that, we are Ql8
       able to include free maps . . . for you to better enjoy the walking and even
       plan in advance, if you wish.

          For the fourteen-day holiday, our special price is six hundred and ninety Q19
       dollars per person and that includes all the offers for the three- and seven-
       day holidays plus . .. membership of a local walking club ... so you can Q20
       better enjoy the full flavour of the local life.

          For further information, please contact your local travel agent. Thank you
       for calling the Travelite Travel Agency Information Line ... (fade out)

SECTION 3

MIKE:  Hi Sue.
suE:   Hi Mike, so what happened to you last week?
MIKE:  Oh, I was sick with the flu . What's this I hear about a big assignment we've got to
suE :  do?
       Well, basically, we've got to find two science experiments to do with a group of
MIKE:  eight-year-old children at the local primary school, and we've got to complete it by
suE:   the end of the week.
       Oh, that sounds like hard work. Where are we supposed to get the ideas for these
       experiments from?
       Well, I managed to get hold of two books from the library.

148
MIKE:   Oh, well done!
suE:
        How about if we take a look at the experiments in this book first and see if
MIKE:
        anything looks suitable? I can make notes as we go, about equipment and the
suE:
MIKE:   purpose of the experiments.

su E:   OK. let's see, urn, the first experiment is called 'Make your own hovercraft'. which
MIKE:
su E:   sounds very ambitious! Mind you, you only need twenty balloons and a table -you Q21
MIKE:
        don't need any special engines or anything like that!
suE:
MIKE:   What do you do with it all?
suE :
MIKE :  Er, you blow up the balloons and you balance the table on them, upside down of

suE:    course. and the kids get to ride around on it. You know, the other kids sort of push
MIKE:
        them around the room. The main purpose is to show how hovercrafts work, and
suE :
MIKE:   how things hover around on just a cushion of air.
suE:
MIKE:   OK. that doesn't sound too bad.
suE:
MIKE :  OK. ready for number two?
suE:
MIKE:   Uh- huh.

        Now this one is caiJed 'Unusual Measures of Lengths', and you basically use lots of

        paperclips. The kids go around the class measuring things -you know, how long

        the desk is, and that sort of thing, urn, and then they all compare their answers. Er,

        and, basically, because not all paperclips are the same lengths. they should come

        up with some strange answers. It's supposed to demonstrate the importance of

        having fixed units of measurement.                                                      Q22

        Hmm, yes, that's not bad.

        OK. now for number three you need rock salt or copper sulphate.                         Q23

        Oh, I'm not sure about that!

        Well, just put down the rock salt then, um, apart from that you only need a jar of

        water. Urn, and basically you dissolve lots of salt into the water and watch the

        crystals form, so it basically teaches the kids about growing ccystals.                 Q24

        I suppose it would be nice to grow something. Hmm,let's move on and have a look

        at number four.

        OK. this one is called 'Spinning colour wheel'. It looks like you get some

        cardboard and draw a circle on it, divide it into six equal segments and colour

        each one in using different colours, then you thread a piece of string through the Q25

        middle.

        So we'd need some string as well.

        Yes, sorry .. . urn .. . and you spin the wheel around and if you can get it spinning

        fast enough, hopefully the colours all merge and show up as white.

        Oh, I didn't know that. What's the principle behind it?

        Well it's pretty elementary physics, really. It teaches them about how white light or Q26

        ordinary light is made up.

        Hmm, well that doesn't sound too bad. Now there's only one more left in this book

        isn't there? What does that one say?

        Urn, well it's another one where they'd get to make something.

        Sounds very interesting.

        You need quite a lot of equipment actually - a hand drill, an old record, a pin or

        needle, some paper and a bolt.

                                                                                                     149
suE:   Hmm, go on, what do they have to do?
MIKE:  Well, they basically make a record player. The main idea is to teach them about
       recording sound. but hopefully they'd also see that you need motion and an
suE:   amplifier to make the sound heard.
       OK, well it does sound interesting. Shall we go through all of those again and
       decide if any of them are going to be suitable?

MIKE: Right, number one. I thought this one sounded nice: there'd be lots of activity and

       it doesn't need too much in the way of equipment.

SUE : Yes, that's true, but don't you think it's a bit risky to get a group of eight-year-aids Q27

       pushing each other around a classroom like that? Someone could get hurt. No, I

       don't like the sound of that one at all!

MIKE: Maybe you 're right.

SUE: What about number two, with the paperclips? It sounds tame enough.

MIKE: Yes. a bit too tame if you ask me. I think it needs to be something a bit more       Q28

       active and interesting than that, don't you?

SUE: Yes, I suppose you're right. We won't get a very good mark if the children don't

       actually enjoy the experiments. and I suppose we could turn them off science for

       good! Well, what about the next one. number three?

MIKE: Now, I quite like the idea of this one.

SUE: Yes, so do I. but I seem to remember when we did it at high school we had to wait Q29

       up to a fortnight before we saw any halfway decent results.

MIKE: Oh, yes well. that won't be any good then . We'll only see the kids for one or two

       hours at the most.

suE: Yes, and we have to do the experiments and write up our results within a week. so

       that one won't do at all.

MIKE: OK, well, what did you think of number four?

suE: I like the idea of it, but do you think it will be a bit elementary for them?

MIKE: Well they are only eight you know!

suE: I know, but you know what I mean. Don't you think the activity itself is a bit

       babyish?

MIKE: Hmm, maybe you're right.

suE: They might have fun but, I mean, cutting out a circle and colouring it in?

MIKE: OK, well, what about number five?

suE: I thought this one sounded a bit too good to be true- great equipment!

MIKE: Yeah.

suE:. But don't you think it's a bit ambitious for this age group? I mean, I don't want to Q30

       start off something and then have to abandon it if they just can't cope with it. I

       could see us ending up doing just about all of the work for them.

MIKE: I guess you're right. Oh well, maybe we could store that idea away for later.

suE: Yep, let's hope this second book has something better!

150
SECTION 4

Today we 're going to look at one of my favourite fish- the shark. As you know, sharks have
a reputation for being very dangerous creatures capable of injuring or killing humans, and
I'd like to talk about sharks in Australia.

   Sharks are rather large fish, often growing to over ten metres and the longest sharks
caught in Australia have reached sixteen metres. Sharks vary in weight with size and breed,
of course, but the heaviest shark caught in Australia was a White Pointer - that weighed
seven hundred and ninety-five kilograms- quite a size! Sharks have a different structure to Q31
most fish : instead of a skeleton made of bone, they have a tough elastic skeleton of
cartilage. Unlike bone, this firm, pliable material is rather like your nose, and allows the
shark to bend easily as it swims. The shark's skin isn't covered with scales, like other fish:
instead the skin's covered with barbs, giving it a rough texture like sandpaper. As you know,
sharks are very quick swimmers. This is made possible by their fins, one set at the side and
another set underneath the body, and the tail also helps the shark move forward quickly. Q32

   l)nlike other fish, sharks have to keep swimming if they want to stay at a particular
depth, and they rarely swim at the surface. Mostly, they swim at the bottom of the ocean,
scavenging and picking up food that's lying on the ocean fiQQ[. While most other animals, Q33
including fish, hunt their prey by means of their eyesight, sharks hunt essentially by smell.
They have a very acute sense of smell- and can sense the presence of food long before they Q34
can see it.

In Australia, where people spend a lot of time at the beach, the government has realised

that it must prevent sharks from swimming near its beaches. As a result, they've introduced

a beach-netting program. Beach-netting, or meshing. involves setting large nets parallel to Q35

the shore; this means that the nets on New South Wales beaches are set on one day, and

then lifted and taken out to sea on the next day. When shark-netting first began in 1939,

only the Sydney metropolitan beaches were meshed - these beaches were chosen because

beaches near the city are usually the most crowded with swimmers. Ten years later, in 1949,

systematic meshing was extended to include the beaches to the south of Sydney. As a result

of the general success of the program in Sydney, shark-meshing was introduced to the state

of Queensland around 1970. The New Zealand authorities also looked at it, but considered

meshing uneconomical - as did Tahiti in the Pacific. At around the same time, South Africa Q36

introduced meshing to some of its most popular swimming beaches.

When meshing began, approximately fifteen hundred sharks were caught in the first year.

However, this declined in the years that followed , and since that time, the average annual

catch has been only about a hundred and fifty a year. The majority of sharks are caught Q37

during the warmest months. from November to Februacy, when sharks are most active and Q38

when both the air and the ocean are at their maximum temperature.

Despite quite large catches, some people believe that shark meshing is not the best way to

catch sharks. It's not that they think sharks are afraid of nets, or because they eat holes in

them, because neither of these is true. But meshing does appear to be less effective than

some other methods, especially when there are big seas with high rolling waves and strong Q39

currents and anything that lets the sand move - the sand that's holding the nets down.          Q40

When this moves the nets will also become less effective.

                                                                                                     151
Answer Key

                                   TEST 1

LISTENING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Section 1, Questions 1-10          Section 3, Questions 21-30

 1 shopping I variety of shopping  21 A
 2 guided tours
 3 more than 12 I over 12          22 c

 4 notice board                    23 E
                                   24 B
 5 13th February                   25 G
 6 Tower of London                 26 F
 1 Bristol
 8 American Museum                 27 c
 9 student newspaper
10 Yentob                          28 D
                                   29 A
                                   30 B

Section 2, Questions 11-20         Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED  31 cities I environment
       FOR ONE MARK                32 windy
       coal                        33 humid
       firewood                    34 shady I shaded
                                   35 dangerous
12 local craftsmen                 36 leaves
13 160                             37 ground
                                   38 considerably reduce I decrease I filter
14 Woodside                        39 low
15 Ticket Office                   40 space I room
16 Gift Shop
17 (main) Workshop
18 Showroom
19 Cafe
20 cottages

If you score . . .                 15-30                            31-40

 0-14                              you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                   score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get    conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under         that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we     more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a        you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

152
ACADEMIC READING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-14          20 lower frequencies I the lower frequencies
                                           21 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED
 1 FALSE
 2 FALSE                                          FOR ONE MARK
 3 TRUE                                           bowhead
 4 TRUE                                           humpback
 5 FALSE                                   22 touch I sense of touch
 6 NOTGIVEN                                23 freshwater dolphin(s) I the freshwater
 7 TRUE                                           dolphin(s)
 8 NOTGIVEN                                24 airborne flying fish
 9M                                        25 clear water(s) I clear open water(s)
10 E                                       26 acoustic sense I the acoustic sense
11 G
12 p                                       Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40

13 J                                       27 c
                                           28 c
14 B
                                           29 A
Reading Passage 2, Questions 15-26         30 E

15 taste buds                              31 c
16 baleen I the baleen whales
17 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED          32 A
                                           33 pairs
       FOR ONE MARK                        34 shapes
       forward                             35 sighted
       downward                            36 sighted
18 freshwater dolphin(s) I the freshwater  37 deep
       dolphin(s)                          38 blind
19 water I the water                       39 similar
                                           40 B

Hyou score ...                  13-26                            27-40

0-12                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                score under examination          acceptable score under
you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
lot of time improving your
English before you take IELTS.

                                                                                   153
                                    TEST 2

LISTENING

Each question correctly answered scores I mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Section 1, Questions 1-10           Section 3, Questions 21-30

  IC                                21 collecting data I gathering data I data
                                           collection
 2c
                                    22 1,500
 3B                                 23 5
 4B                                 24 3,000-4,000
 5A                                 25 & 26 IN EITHER ORDER
 6 Cathedral
 7 Markets                                 B
 8 Gardens
 9 Art Gallery                           c
I 0 climb the tower I see the view
                                    27 Mehta
Section 2, Questions 11-20          28 Survey Research
                                    29 London University I London University Press
11 c                                30 1988

12 B                                Section 4, Questions 31-40
13 A
                                    31 c
14 c
                                    32 A
15 B                                33 mass media I media
                                    34 academic circles I academics I researchers
16 c                                35 specialist knowledge I specialised knowledge
                                    36 unaware
17 A                                37 individual customers I individual consumers I
18 B
19 B                                       individuals
20 A                                38 illegal profit I illegal profits
                                    39 & 40 IN EITHER ORDER

                                           D
                                           E

If you score ...                    14-28                            29- 40

 0- 13                              you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                    score under examination          acceptable score under
you are highly unlikely to get      conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under          that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a         you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

154
ACADEMIC READING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL

ANSWERS.

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13                   20 YES
                                                    21 NOTGIVEN
 1 isolation                                        22 NO
 2 economic globalisation I globalization I socio-  23 YES
                                                    24 emotional I emotional problems
       economic pressures                           25 headache I headaches
 3 cultural identity                                26 general ill health
 4 traditional skill
 5E                                                 Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
 6B
 7D                                                 27 H
                                                    28 F
 8c                                                 29 A
                                                    30 H
 9B                                                 31 I
10 NO                                               32 B
11 YES                                              33-35 INANYORDER
12 NOTGIVEN
13 YES                                                     A

Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26                      c

14 c                                                       F

15 B                                                36 B
16 YES                                              37 G
17 NO                                               38 E
18 YES                                              39 D
19 YES                                              40 A

If you score ...                14-27                            28-40

0-13                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                score under examination          acceptable score under
you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
lot of time improving your
English before you take IELTS.

                                                                                        155
                                 TEST 3

LISTENING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Section 1, Questions 1-10                          23 c

  1 1112 years                                     24 A
  2 Forest I Forrest                               25 B
  3 Academic                                       26 A
  4 Thursday
  5B                                               27 c
  6B
  7A                                               28 B
 8 deposit                                         29 B
 9 monthly                                         30 B
10 telephone I phone
                                                   Section 4, Questions 31-40
Section 2, Questions 11-20
                                                   31 questionnaire ·
11 c                                               32 approximately 2,000 I about 2,000
                                                   33 Education
12 A                                               34 halls of residence I living quarters
                                                   35 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED
13 c
                                                          FOR ONE MARK
14 B                                                      traffic
15 lighting I lights I light                              parking
16 adult I adults                                  36 (most) lecture rooms I lecture halls I lecture
17 (at) Studio Theatre I (the) Studio Theatre I           theatres I lecture theaters
                                                   37 (choice oO facilities I (room for) facilities
       (at) Studio Theater I (the) Studio Theater  38 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED
18 the whole family I all the family I families           FOR ONE MARK
19 (in) City Gardens I the City Gardens I                 D
                                                          F
       outdoors                                    39 B
20 young children I younger children I children    40 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED
                                                          FOR ONE MARK
Section 3, Questions 21-30                                A

21 A                                                   c
22 B

If you score ...                 13-27                            28- 40

0-12                             you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
you are highly unlikely to get   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

156
ACADEMIC READING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13             21 600 I 600 years I for 600 years
                                              22 water I the water I oceans I the oceans
 1A                                           23 lava I magma I molten rock
 2D                                           24 India I western India
                                              25 explodes
 3c                                           26 gases I the gases I trapped gases
 4c
                                              Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
 5 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED
       FORONEMARK                             27 D
       Sudan                                  28 E
       India
                                              29 c
 6 bicycles
 7 Shoe Shine I Shoe Shine Collective         30 D
 8 life skills                                31 F
 9 NO                                         32 (the) linguist (acts) I (the) linguists (act)
10 NOTGIVEN                                   33 foreign languages
                                              34 quality I the quality I the poor quality
11 NO                                         35 non-verbal behaviour I non-verbal behavior I

12 YES                                               facial expression I facial expressions
13 A                                          36 camera I video camera I recording I video

Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26                   recording
                                              37 frequency of usage I usage frequency
14 iii                                        38 particular linguistic feature
                                              39 size
15                                            40 intuitions
16 iv
17 vi
18 plates I the plates I the tectonic plates
19 magma
20 ring of fire

If you score ...                 13-27                            28-40

 0-12                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                                   157
                                . TESTA .

LISTEN I NG

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL

ANSWERS.                                                         .

Section 1, Questions 1-10                          Section 3, Questions 21-30

 1 College Dining Room                             21 20 balloons
 2 & 3 IN EITHER ORDER                             22 units of measurement I measurements I

       office staff                                       measurement units
       students                                    23 rock salt I salt
 4 1Oth December                                   24 crystals
 5 coffee break I coffee breaks                    25 string I piece of string
 66                                                26 (ordinary) {white) light
 7 set of dictionaries I dictionaries I a good     27 H
       dictionary                                  28 B
 8 & 9 IN EITHER ORDER                             29 E
       {some) music I (some) music tapes I (some)
       tapes                                       30 c
       photos I photographs
10 speech                                          Section 4, Questions 31-40

Section 2, Questions 11..:..20                     31 795
                                                   32 tail
11 B                                               33 floor I bed I bottom
12 A                                               34 sense of smell
13 A                                               35 A
14 A                                               36 A
15 B                                               37 B
16 180                                             38 B
17 nearest station                                 39 & 40 IN EITHER ORDER
18 local history
19 690                                                    B
20 walking club I local walking club                      E

If you score ...                13-27                            28-40

 0-12                           you may get an acceptable        you aie likely to get an
                                score under examination
you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      acceptable score under
 an acceptable score under      that you think about having      examination conditions but
 examination conditions and we  more practice or lessons before  remember that different
 recommend that you spend a                                      institutions will find different
lot of time improving your      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

English before you take IELTS.

158
ACADEMIC READING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13    22 & 23 IN EITHER ORDER

 1 TRUE                                   c
 2 NOTGIVEN
 3 FALSE                                    0
 4 FALSE                             24 oral histories
 5 NOTGIVEN                          25 & 26 IN EITHER ORDER
 6 TRUE
 7 genetics                                 humanistic study
 8 power                                    historical discipline
 9 injuries                          27 scientist
10 training
11 A                                 Reading Passage 3, Questions 28-40
IZ D
13 B                                 28 iv
                                     29
Rea{iing Passage 2, Questions 14-27  30 iii
                                     31 V
14 YES                               32 B
15 NOT GIVEN                         33 B
16 NO                                34 A
17 YES                               35 B
18 NOT GIVEN                         36 NO
19 NO                                37 YES
20 & 21 IN EITHER ORDER              38 YES
                                     39 NOTGIVEN
       0                             40 NOTGIVEN
      E

If you score ...                 13-28                            29-40

0-12                             you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
you are highly unlikely to get   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      rem~mber that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                                   159
     GENERAL TRAINING TEST A

READING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Section 1, Questions 1-14        22 A

  1B                             23 G
 2A
 3E                              24 B
                                 25 E
 4c                              26 H

 5A                              27 c

 6c                              Section 3, Questions 28-40

 70                              28-30 IN ANY ORDER
 8B                                      A
 9B                                     D
10 E                                    F
11 D
12 A                             31 IN EITHER ORDER, BOTH REQUIRED
13 B                                    FOR ONE MARK
14 D                                    cartoons
                                        serials
Section 2, Questions 15-27
                                 32 (slapstick) comedy I slapstick
15 TRUE                          33 (the) avant(-)garde (film(s))
16 FALSE                         34 A
17 NOT GIVEN
18 TRUE                          35 c
19 NOTGIVEN
20 NOTGIVEN                      36 H
21 F
                                 37 c

                                 38 A
                                 39 F
                                 40 D

If you score ...                 17-30                            31-40

 0- 16                           you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

160
GENERAL TRAINING TEST B

READING

Each question correctly answered scores 1 mark. CORRECT SPELLING IS NEEDED IN ALL
ANSWERS.

Section 1, Questions 1-14        21 F
                                 22 TRUE
 1 TRUE                          23 FALSE
 2 FALSE                         24 NOTGIVEN
 3 TRUE                          25 NOTGIVEN
 4 TRUE                          26 FALSE
 5 FALSE                         27 FALSE
 6 FALSE
 7 FALSE                         Section 3, Questions 28-40
 8B
 9D                              28 vi
10 K                             29 iv
11 L                             30 X
12 G                             31 viii
                                 32 vii
13 J                             33 ii
                                 34 V
14 A                             35, 36 & 37 IN ANY ORDER

Section 2, Questions 15-27              round
                                        sickle
15 B                                    waggle
16 H                             38 the feeding dish
17 K                             39 the food (source)
18 E                             40 the sun
19 D
20 I

If you score ...                 15-30                            31 - 40

 0-14                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                                   161
Model and Sample Answers for Writing
Tasks

TEST 1, WRITING TASK 1

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a.very good answer. However. please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

  The table gives a breakdown of the different types of family who were living in
  poverty in Australia in 1999.
  On average, 11% of all households, comprising almost two million people, were in ·'
  this position. However, those consisting of only one parent or a single adult had
  almost double this proportion of poor people, with 21% and 19% respectively.
  Couples generally tended to be better off, with lower poverty levels for couples
  without children (7%) than those with children 02%). lt is noticeable that for both .··~
  types of household with children, a higher than average proportion were living in
  poverty at this time. ·
  Older people were generally less likely to be poor, though once again the trend
  favoured elderly couples (only 4%) rather than single elderly people (6%).
  Overall the table suggests that households of single adults a11d those with children
  were more likely to be living in poverty than those consisting of couples.

                                                                                                                                                                                              •.

162
TEST 1, WRITING TASK 2

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 4 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

  This answer describes some relevant advantages and disadvantages of books, TV and films,
   although these are sometimes unclear or not sufficiently developed. The script loses marks, however,
   because it doesn't answer the question about 'which medium is most effective' and also because it is
   under the minimum length (only 230 words) .

     The writer has tried to organise ideas and uses paragraphing to structure the response. However,
   the message is confused at times and the answer is incomplete. Some ideas are linked appropriately,
   but there is a lot of repetition across sentences.

     The writer uses a limited range of language.quite repetitively and there are only simple sentences.
  However, these are often quite accurate, although there are many examples of basic errors in
  grammar and punctuation.

In OLAY" cl-o.,(LJ (\fe.1 we. oJwo.LJs coi'I\1'1\LAn\co.te. ·,nfoY"I'I\O.f,on thY""OLA_s\\
the. 1'1\e.cA·,o., SLAc\\ o.s te.(e.v·,s·,on Y"O.cA.,o, f ·,(l'l\ T~se. 1'1\e.cA·,o. \\o.ve.
                                                      1           1

cl_·,ffe.y-e.nt O.cAvo.nto._se.s o.ncA cl_·,so.cAvo.nto._se.s foy- LAS. Now, I 0.1'1\

_so',n_s to coi'I\~O.Y"e. ~ o.cAvo.nto._se.s o.ncA cA\so.cAvo.nto._se.s of booKs,

t e. (e.v·,s\on o.ncA f ·,(1'1\.

       BooKs t,y-·,n_s LAS cA\ffe.y-e.nt Know(e.cl-_se.. ·I t bo.se.s on w\\o.t BooK

we. y-e.o.cl.. A fo.I'I\OLAS c.\\\ne.se. tY"o.cA\t,ono.( ve.Y""se. w\\·,c\\ cAe.scy-·,be.c:A

booKs \s o. fy-e.O.SLAY"e.. We. co.n f\ncA o. _so(cl.e.n MLAse. \n ihe.Y""e..

f"\oy-e.ove.y- w~n we. wo.nt to y-e.o.d. ·,t, we. co.n f·,ncl. ·,t e.o.s\(Lj, SLAc\\
                        1

o.s booKstoY"e. (·,bY"O.Y"lJ. We. co.n o.(so (e.o.Y"n o. (ot of woY"cAs ff'ol'l\
                                     1

booKs. And. \t co.n \1'1\~Y"ove. OLAY" Y"e.O.cA\n_s o.ncA wY"·,t,n_s sK',((s.

   Howe.ve.Y"1 booKs o.(wo.LJs O.Y"e. not o.ity-o.cf,ve. foY" c\\\(cAy-e.n of"
LJOLAn_sste.c It ·,s be.co.LAse. booKs o.y-e. ~LA·,te. boy-·,n-3. A (ot of woY""cl.s
o.ncA (e.ss ~\ctLAY"e.s ·,ns·de. the. booKs, coi'I\~C\Y"e. to 1-e.(e.v\s·,on, te.(e.v·,s·,on

\\o.s p\ctLAY"e.s o.ncl. SOLAncl., We. d-on't \\o.ve. to y-e.o.c:A o. (ot of woY""cl.s

·,n t e.. (e.v·,s·,on. &;.t sol'l\e. o.y-t,st ·,n t e. (e.v·,s·,on ~Y"o_sY"C\1'1\1'1\e. of" f·, (1'1\
                                                                                                                                                                              1

bY"\n3 o. bo.cA ·,1'1\o._se. to LAS. T\\e.n sol'l\e. ch,(c\y-e.n of" \jOLAn_se.Y""s w·,((

·,1'1\·,fo.te. the.·,y- be.\\o.v·,oLAY". Sol'l\e. f ·,(1'1\ o. (so bY""\n_s o. wY"on-3 1'1\e.sso._se. to

LAS 1  Foy-  e.xo.l'l\~(e.           the..LJ  O.Y"e.  o. (wo.LJs  sl'l\oK·,n_s  ·,n  f ·,(1'1\s.  It  se.e.l'l\s
                                  1
tho.t Sl'l\oK''n3 ·,s 3oocA o.ncA SI'I\O.Y"t. It CC\LAse.cA 1'1\0.nlJ LJoLAn_5e.Y"S

·,1'1\·,to.te. the.l'l\ Sl'l\oK·,n_3..

   In concLs·,on bool<.o\s, te.(e.v·,son o.ncA f·,(l'l\ \\o.ve. 1'1\0.nlJ o.cAvo.nto._se.s
                                             1

C\ncA cl_·,so.c:Avo.nto._se.s. I co.nnot wY"\te. o.H ·,n \\e.y-e.. AncA we. \\o.ve.

choose. the. IV\e.cA·,o. eo.y-e.fLA HL].

                                                                                                                  163
TEST 2, WRITING TASK 1

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer focuses too closely on the details in the graph but fails to compare trends or general
   differences between figures for winter and summer. Some comparisons are made, but these are
   about details, and it is difficult to get a clear idea of the information from this description.

      Similarly, information in the pie chart is simply listed using the language from the chart and there
   is no attempt to relate this to information in the graph.

      The description is not wen organised, although a range of linkers are used , and the use of
   paragraphs does not reflect the different sections of information covered.

      There is a suitable range of vocabulary for this task, although some words are misused and there
   are several spelling errors. The range and control of grammatical structures is the strong point of
   the main part of this response. There are examples of complex structures that are used with
   accuracy and some flexibility.

The. u5e. of e..le..c.tric.it~ in E.~a.nd i.5 indi.5pe..11.5e..d with t1e..l"r\Clnd for e..le..ctric.it~ in E.~a.nd
durinca- t~pic.a.l da.~.5 in Winte..r and .5Umtne..r 1.5 illu.5tt'ctte..d in the_ raph The_ U5e. of e..le..c.tric.it~ in
an a.ve..rDtf E.~i.5h rome_ i.5 .5hown in the. pie.. c.hart. From the. ra.ph, lt i.5 crne..ra.ll~ obv1ou.5
*'at the. de..l"r\Clnd i.5 in it.5 ma.xirrum around d-100, and in it.5 minirrum around UOO, be..inca-
o.lm0.5t con.5ta.rrt be:t'Ne..e..n ld-00 and d-100 in winte..r time...5. t1urinca- .5Umtne..r time..61 on the.
othe..r hand 1the.. de..l"r\Clr1d re..o.c.he...5 it.5 top point around 13001 and the. bottom po1nt around

900, be..inca- o.lmo.5t c.on.5ta.rrt be..tv.Je..e..n 1550 o.nd J-000
    In Winte..r time..6 1the. curve.. fo.dua.ll~ inc.re..ctre...5 to re..o.c.h '10 ,000 unit.5 of e..le..ctricrt~

~ 3 0 'cloc.k in the.. mominca- Th.5 i.5 foiiCJV.Je..d ~ ro.dua.l de..c.line.. to it.5 lo.rve...5t limite.. of
30,000 unit.5 o.t 9 o'c.loc.k A fo.duo.l ri5e. i.5 obviou.5 o.crn to re..o.c.h a. .5to.t10na.r~ le..ve..l

a be..tv.Je..e..n 3 o'cloc.k and 9 o'c.loc.k of about '10,000 unit.5 o.crn The.n, the.re.. i.5 .5harp

r15e. in the.. ne..xt hour to re..c.h it.5 ma.xirrum be.. fore.. c.ollo.p.5inca- o.crn to a. lo.rve..r le..ve..l ~ the..
e..nd of the. do.~

    In .5Umme..r time.., the. c.urve.. fo.duo.ll~ de..c.re..o.5e. to re..o.c.h rt.5 lo.rve..r limit around 9 o'c.loc.k of
a. bit more.. than 10,000 unit.5. A fo.duo.l inc.re..o.5e. i.5 notice..d t o re..o.c.h it.5 top of d-0 DOO
a.fte..r which a. .5to.tiona.r~ pho.5e. i.5 obviou.5 be..tv.Je..e..n 3 o'c.lock and 10 o'c.loc.k o.t nil}ht of
a.boui 15,000 unite...5 .

    The. pie.. c.ho.rt 1on the. oih:...r hand, .5how.5 that SJ.S% of the.. e..le..c.tnc.it~ i.5 u5e.d for
he..a.tinca- roDm.5 and wo.te.r. ITS% i.5 c.CJt1.5Ume..d for ove..n61 ke..ffie...5 and wo.dli~ l"r\Clc.hine...5, 15%
1.5 u5e.d in lil}ht;ncr TV and radio, and frno.ll~ 15% i.5 con.5Ume..d in the.. .5Ue.. of vo.c.uum
cle..o.ne..r.5, food mixture...5 and e..le..c.tric. tool.5.

164
TEST 2, WRITING TASK 2

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

Happiness is very difficult to define, because it means so many different things to
different people. While some people link happiness to wealth and material success,
others think it lies in emotions and loving personal relationships. Yet others think that
spiritual paths, rather than either the material world or relationships with people, are
the only way to true happiness.

Because people interpret happiness fo_r themselves in so many different ways, it is
difficult to give any definition that is true for everyone. However, if there are different
kinds of happiness for different individuals then the first step in achieving it would be
to have a degree of self-knowledge. A person needs to know who he or she is before
being able to know what it is that makes him or her happy.

 Of course, factors such as loving relationships, good health, the skills to earn a living
. and a peaceful environment all contribute to our happiness too. But this does not

 mean that people without these conditions cannot be happy.

Overall, I think an ability to keep clear perspectives in life is a more essential factor in

achieving happiness. By that I mean an ability to have a clear sense of what is

important in our lives (the welfare of our families, the quality of our relationships,            •

making other people happy, etc.) and what is not (a problem at work, getting

annoyed about trivial things, etc.).

Like self-awareness, this i:> also very difficult to achieve, but I think these are the two
factors that may be the most important for achieving happiness.

                                                                                        165
TEST 3, WRITING TASK 1

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

  The chart gives information about post-school qualifications in terms of the different
  levels of further education reached by men and women in Australia in 1999.
  We can see immediately that there were substantial differences in the proportion of
  men and women at different levels. The biggest gender difference is at the lowest
  post-school level , where 90% of those who held a skilled vocational diploma were
  men, compared with only 10% of women. By contrast, more women held
  undergraduate diplomas (70%) and marginally more women reached degree level
  (55%).
  At the higher levels of education, men with postgraduate diplomas clearly
  outnumbered their female counterparts (70% and 30%, respectively), and also
  constituted 60% of Master's graduates.
  Thus we can see that more men than women hold qualifications at the lower and
  higher levels of education, while more women reach undergraduate diploma level
  than men. The gender difference is smallest at the level of Bachelor's degree,
  however.

166
TEST 3, WRITING TASK 2

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 7 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer considers the main issues raised by the question and presents a definite opinion about
   the statement. However. the response tends to over-generalise and sometimes the examples used to
  support ideas seem rather confusing. Ideas are generally clearly organised , and paragraphing is
   clear but the argument is difficult to follow in places. A range of linking words and expressions is
   used , but there are occasional mistakes. The candidate uses an ambitious range of vocabulary and
  sentence patterns. but has some problems with word choice and collocations. There are very few
  spelling errors and only minor grammar mistakes. but there are many examples of expressions used
   inappropriately.

'I ~ree with the 5tO..teW\&It tha.t there .shOULd be nO ~01/eO'\W\&It re5tfiC..tiOr"' On

c.rea.tive o..rti.st.s whO ex~re.s.s thew..sa.ve.s in the wo..y they dO o..nd ti'\Clt t're.y w.u.st

be ~iven freedOw. for the .5ClW\e. l:K~re.s.sian 1'\Cl.s ru..wo..y.s been the k.e'("'te in o..

~f'.50n 1.S Life. I t i.S the re.suLt ~ W\ere exfre.s.siOn ~ QV(' ~ht.S ti'\Clt we o..re

we o..bLe to C.OW.WI.unic..a..te. ~e.stf'IC.tiOn.S On hOw  rresent QV(' ~ht.s i.S ~

c.rea.tive o..rti.st.s r-o..y a. W\O..~O(' rot..e in QV(' .society, be it the ~ovemw.ent, OLd

~e, the yovth or the ChiLdren. 11\ei(' ~.s enu~hten OUf' Wl.ind.s, no WI.O..tte(' if i.S

fO.CtUO-L or enterto..inw.ent bCl..sed 'It i.s di5eM~ tha-t a.fte(' a. dCly.s ~ ~ v..e

wo..nt to tMe .sow.e tiMe ~f fO(' OU('5eLIIe.s, v..e LOQII:. ovt for .sow.e Lei.sure. For

in5to..nc.e: eithe(' r-eQ.50..nt W\u.Sic. or a. fO..w.iLy MOVie whiCh .sootne.s the Mind.

t:nterto..inMent ~ive u.s Cln oveNiew ~ a. new .side ~ Life whiCh eve('y indiViduClL

~t.s. 'There i.S o..t..MO.St eve('ythi~ ~OOd in wna.t i.S ~illen to u.s th~h the

Medio.. ~d which i.S MClde Uf ~ o..rti5t.s.

On the c.ontro..('y .sow.etiMe5 the5e o..rti.st.s tend to be Un.SC.~QV.s. 'They

COnVert ('\,)W\()U(',S intO fO.Ct.S Clnd rresent theM bef()(e u.S. "f"hi.S Wl.i~ht iWI.ro.i(' the
~o..tiOn ~ .sow.e iLLu.Stf'IOU.S ~or-e in todO..y'.s .society. On .suCh oc.ca...siOn.S,

certa.in re.stf'IC.tiOn.S a.re \Jnde('.Sto..nc!OJx...e. NevertheLe.s.s v..e O-LL dO k.nCAAJ wna.t i.s

f'l~ht 0(' w~. ~UL.e.s Clnd re~UL.O..tiOn.S not o..t..wo..y.s o..re the .soc...utiOn to hOw

O..fti.St.S fre5ent thei(' OWn ideO...S. Hence it i.S doLtiSh tO be iM~tUOU.S Clnd the

~01/emMent .shOULd enfOf'Ce ru..temo..tive wo..y.s to c.ontroL the Medio...

~~C.t fO(' 0ne.s ideo...s i5 not Of"'...y hyrothetic.o..t.. bVt MU.St be rro..c..ti.sed. 'It i.S

th~h ~et tho..t ea.c.n ane ~ u.s CCln be rec.~ni5ed o...s o.. unicrue ~f'.50n in the

wQ(L.d, "f"hi.S CCln be a.c.hiel/ed by LOQII:.i~ . O..t the bf'l~ht .Side ~ I.VM.t MediO.. i.e. the

c.reo..tiVe O..rti.St.S diSfLO..y fO(' U.S. Not 0.. do..y C.Cln ~0 by when v..e dOnt l.OOk ovt for

COL.QVOUL dfeO..M.S Clnd 0.. beo..utifUL Life whiCh v..>e CCln find eithe(' th~h Mu.SiC.,

roet('y, fiLM.S, fiC.ture5j el/e('ythin~ thO..t the C.rea.tiVe O..fti.St.S ~fe(' u.S.

                                                                                                   167
TEST 4, WRITING TASK 1

SAMPLE ANSWER
This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 5 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   The response is under-length (138 words). The candidate reports the key information in the first
   graph i.e. that visits to and from the UK increased and that the increase in visits from the UK was
   more marked than that of visits to the country. In the bar chart the information is also reported
   accurately. However, the references to &dollar are confusing, suggesting that the candidate has not
   fully understood the information given, and there is little attempt to relate the two diagrams or to
   make comparisons across the information given.

      There is a brief introduction to the topic, with an attempt to paraphrase the rubric; the overall
   structure of the writing is clear. with some use of basic discourse markers. There is very little use of
   reference, however, resulting in a considerable amount of repetition of key vocabulary.

      There is a fairly narrow range of sentence types and errors occur in verb formation and in the use
   of tenses.

The sraphs revea\ an inf'or["f)ation about overseas residents trove\ to UK

and UK residents trove\ to other countries, and where the'1·visited more.

    f\ccordins to the chart of' visits to and f'rom UK, UK residents had

visited abroad more than overseas residents visited UK. UK residents
trave\ins were increased s\isht\'1 ti\\ I"~G, af'ter that, there was ·a dramatic
rise f'rom &do\\ar;ZO ["f)i\\ions to &do\\ar;54 ["f)i\\ions ti\\ !999. \n contrast,

overseas residents were increased 8raduan'1 in trave\ins to UK f'rom

&do\\ar;!O mi\\ion to &do\\ar;Z~ mi\\ions between !979 and !999.
    From the inf'orrnation shoWn, we can see that France was the most

popular countr'1 visited b'1 Ul< residents, accountins f'or &do\\ar;ll mi\\ions. f\nd
the others countries visited b'1 U\< residents were T urke'1, Greece and
USf\, which were &do\\ar;3, &do\\ar;4 and &do\\ar;S mi\\ions.

168
TEST 4. WRITING TASK 2

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

Poor student behaviour seems to be an increasingly widespread problem and I think
that modern lifestyles are probably responsible for this.

In many countries, the birth rate is decreasing so that families are smaller with fewer
children. These children are often spoilt, not in terms of love and attention because
working parents do not have the time for this, but in more material ways. They are
allowed to have whatever they want, regardless of price, and to behave as they
please. This means that the children grow up without consideration for others and
without any understanding of where their standard of living comes from.

When they get to school age they have not learnt any self control or discipline. They
have less respect for their teachers and refuse to obey school rules in the way that
their parents did.

Teachers continually complain about this problem and measures should be taken to
combat the situation. But I think the solution to the problem lies with the families, who
need to be more aware of the future consequences of spoiling their children. If they
could raise them to be co·nsiderate of others and to be social, respons::.Jie
individuals, the whole community would benefit.

Perhaps parenting classes are needed to help them to do this, and high quality                    '

nursery schools could be established that would support families more in terms of

raising the next generation. The government should fund this kind of parental

support, because this is no longer a problem for individual families, but for society as

a whole.

                                                                                 ,

                                                                                       169
TEST A, WRITING TASK 1 (GENERAL J'RAINING)

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 7 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

  This is a well-developed response to the task prompt. The letter has a clear purpose, it is written in
  an appropriate style and it gives all the information required by the bullet points. The situation is
   described in a relevant way and the letter communicates effectively and fluently.

     The information in the letter is organised, but there are no paragraphs so the reader has to work
   harder to follow the changes from one topic to the next and in some cases the links between
  sentences could be improved.

     A good range of vocabulary is used accurately, including idiomatic expressions. But some words
  are not well chosen so there are also awkward expressions that do not sound natural, and there are
  several examples of these.

      The writing includes a good range of grammatical structures which are usually used accurately.
  There are a few errors in grammar, and the first sentence lacks ·capital letters, which is a rather basic
   mistake.

"Dear s\r or \J\adetrv'\)

rv'\Y nc:trv'\~ \~ L_\arv'\ \€.~-\) \ 1rv'\ -\he ~-\uden-\ -\ha-\. ~o-\. hur-\ \n

-\he ac..c.. 1den-\ In .fron-\ ~ your row o.f b€.0-n--\ 1n~ In your

~u~rf'Y\0-rk~-\. Le-\ rv'\e ~1ve you_ .50rv'\e de-\a1\~ abou-\ -\he

ac..c..1den-\ t\r~-\. 1 wa~ _Ju~-\ ~o1n~ around -\he c..orner .frorv'\

-\he Ve~e-\0h\e~ -\0 b~n~ wnen a _pre~nan-\ WOf'Y\0-n

~ra~h~ 1n-\o rv'\e w 1-\h her ~hopp In~ c..ar-\. 1-\ ":'--a~ ·

lrv'\po~~lb\e -\o -5€-e eac..h o-\her be-fore -\he ac..c..1den-\

bec..au-5€. -\h \~ ~pec..\a\ c..orner \~ very dark and ~he \\~h-\~

d  \  d  n  1    eve:'    work)   probab\y  bec..au~e  -\he    e\T-\  bu\b~   were
             -\

o\d      a~      d  1  d  n  1    ~erve  anyrv'\ore.  Anyway)  -\he  .f\CX?r  _wa~
                              -\

very ~\\ppery and we-\ bec..au-5€. -\he rain wa~ dr1pp1na._

-\hrouT -\he non-wa-\erproo.f c..e\\in<_y 6<:? 1 ~\\pped) .fe\\)

and knoc..ked rv'\y-5€.\.f ou-\ on -\he bean--\ln~. 1 \o~-\

c..on~c.. iou~n~~~. ~our \n~uranc..e payed .for -\he ac..c.. \den-\

bu-\ _\e-\ rv'\e _.Ju~-\ a._1ve you ~orv'\e adv1c..e -\o preven-\ .fu~-\~er .

a:c..c.. 1den-\~ 1n your ~"!perf'Y\ttrke-\: f'Y\0-ke ~ure your c..e 1\ 1n~ ~~

.f1_xed q.nd -\he .f\oor 1~ dry. ~ou c..ou_\d a\~o arran~e your

row~ In a way -\ha-\ f'Y\ttke~ 1-\ po~~lb\e .for your

~u~-\orner~ -\o -\ake c..are o.f eac..h o-\her. A\way~ ~e-\ -\he

\ 1~h-\~ c..he~ked a-\ \~~ on~e a wee_k) and c..han~e                         .

daf'Y\0-~Etd \1~h-\bu\b~ lrv'\rv'\edla-\e\y. 1h1~ wou\d he\p rv'\ak1n~

our ~uperrnarke-\ a ~a-fer p\ac..e.

S inc..ere\y your~) . . .

170
TEST A. WRITING TASK 2 (GENERAL TRAINING)

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

  The writing focuses on the first question but does not address the second one directly. The
  candidate loses marks for this.

     However, the writer's point of view is clear and there are some relevant ideas that are
  communicated effectively. Ideas are generally supported, and the argument is organised with some
  clear linking, although·paragraphing is not always used appropriately.

     A fairly wide range of language is attempted with mixed success. There are some good idiomatic
  expressions and some accurate complex sentences, but the writer misuses quite basic words and
  grammatical structures as well. The errors are quite frequent, but the writer's message can still be
  followed throughout the response.

I11 the past the people t~sed to maKe clothes a11d doiii:J repairs o11 tJ.III:JS 1/1 tJ.e
J.o</se more tJ.an noW'adays. TJ.1s IS Cat~sed -f'or many aspects tJ.at are present in at~r

days like the rpantity cri' other actiYities aYa1/aP/e to do, the drf¥'erenees 1/1 Jol>s

and 1/1 /;-f'edyle .  ·

WJ.en t/1 tJ.e part days the people -l/111sJ.ed tJ.eir workday, it was dt/1 early and

tJ.ey J.ad 110t too many other act/Yt"ties to do, so tJ.ey spended tJ.eir -f'ree time
doiii:J some erf'the repairs . WJ.t/e, 1/1 the other J.a11d mod erf'the women t~sed to

make clothes.

Nowadays IS, l>tj:Jer tJ.e 11<1ml>er cri' women tJ.at works, t/1 addition to tJ.at, the

work ts normally /on~r and more dresstii:J -f'or eYeryl>ody, so t;,e people IS ~tttii:J
t~sed to //Ye as -f'ast as po::m"l>/e .

Anotkr element tJ.at IS pt~sJ.III:J to tJ./s sitt~ation IS t;,at as the people IS !.aYtii:J
less and less time -!'or a J.ol>l>y, any !.ol>l>y wt/1 recet~ire more ·and more time 0

Secat~se everytJ.III:J t;,at yat~ want to try to repair /s more tecJ.nica/ and

Comp//cated t!.an be-l'ore, and to do some repa/r the people a/mod !.ave to be a
ce<~al;l/ed tecJ.n/cian .

On top cri' a// t!.at the tradition is bein:J /od beCat~se the people /earn the

traditions when they are yo<~n:J and -f'rom their parents, bt~t nowadays the ya<~n:J

people !.ave too many d/stract/cJI1S and J.obl>t'es !tke sports, :Jol'n:J to s!.oppiii:J malls,

Vtdeo :3ames, Comp<l-fers, Ct'nema, amt~sement parks, e-mat/ and CJ.at rooms , 1'nstead

cri' spendt'n:J their -f'ree t/me wit!. their parents .

T!.ts sitt~at/on ts !.appeniii:J t'n the entire world, and it's Cat~sed 1/1 part by the

:3/oba/1sat/on and the advanCe cri' the tec!.no/o:JY 1/1 the !.ome.

'>o tJ.e sitt~at/on ts t;,at when the people need more know/ed:Je to their !.obb1'es,

they !.aYe /ess t/me to acce<~/re it becat~se o-f' the/r worK. And t!.at to transmit the
tradit/ons to otJ.er ~nerations the adt~Hs need tJ.e yat~n:J's people attent/on wJ.tcJ.

they don't !.ave l>ecat~se cri' new dtnract/ons the ya<~n:Js !.aYe .

                                                                                             171
TEST B, WRITING TASK 1 (GENERAL TRAINING)

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

Dear Jan, .

As you know, we'll be moving to a new house soon and there are a few things that I
won't be able to take with me. The new house is a bit smaller so I have to sell some
furniture and I was wondering if you might be interested?

In particular I want to sell my big dining table. Do you remember it - the one in the
living room? lt has wooden legs and a grey glass top and it's big enough for six
people. There are six matching chairs to go with it.

I know you've always liked this furniture so I could let you have it at a good price. I'd

rather sell it to you than to a stranger!  ·

Why don't you come around and take another look at them on Saturday? We'll be
here all day, so maybe we could have some lunch together?

Give me a ring and let me know,
Love,

Shanda.

172
TEST B, WRITING TASK 2 (G ENERAL TRAINING)

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However. please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

  In many places today, children start primary school at around the age of six or seveQ.
  However, because it is more likely now that both parents work, there is little
  opportunity for children to stay in their own home up to that age. Instead, they will
  probably go to a nursery school when they are much younger.
  While some people think this may be damaging to a child's development, or to a
  child's relationship with his or her parents, in fact there are many advantages to
  having school experience at a young age.
  Firstly, a child will learn to interact with a lot of different people and some children
  learn to communicate very early because of this. They are generally more confident
  and independent than children who stay at home with their parents and who are not
  used to strangers or new situations. Such children find their first day at school at the
  age of six very frightening and this may have a negative effect on how they learn.
  Another advantage of going to school at an early age is that children develop faster
  socially. They make friends and learn how to get on with other children of a similar
  age. This is often not possible at home because they are the only child, or because
  their brothers or sisters are older or younger.
  So overall, I believe that, attending school from a young age is good for most
  children. They still spend plenty of time at home with their parents, so they can
  benefit from both environments.

                                                                                                                      173
Sample Answer Sheets

     eeBRITISH             ').~ IELTS                          gV  UN£\'r:RSITY '>(CAMBRIOGE
     eeCOUNCIL            ~..:-~ AUSTRAIJA                         ESOL Examinations

     1- 1-I- EEI I El- l- l-l- l--l--l- l-1- 1- l I
                                    PENCIL must be used to complete this sheet

     Centre number:

     Please wrlto your name below.

     then write your six digit Candld•te number In the boxes
     and shade the number in the grid on the right In PENCIL.

     Test date (shade ONE box for the day, ONE box for the month and ONE bo; for the year):

     D~ :  ~~~~Dg~~R~n~ ~ ~~~ g~~ ~ ~B ~~~~~~~~ ~

     Month: g;;~~~ o gg!!J, ~~Jg J:l~ u.t l cl~otu. Yea r: ~~~g;~~~gr,~~

     1                                    , IELTS Listening Answer Sheet                      =-' 21 =X
                                                 = 1 =X 21

     2                                    = 2 = 22                                            = 22 =

     3                                    = 3 = 23                                            = 23 =

     4                                    = 4 = 24                                            = 24 =

     5                                    = 5 = 25                                            = 25 =

     6                                    = 6 = 26                                            = 26 =
                 '
                                          = 7 = 27                                            = 27 =
     7

     8                                    = 8 = 28                                            = 28 =

     9                                    = 9 = 29                                            = 29 =

     10                -                  = 10                 30                             = 30 =
                                                 =

     11                                   = 11 = 31                                           = 31 =

     12                                   = 12 = 32                                           = 32 =

     13                                   = 13 = 33                                           =            33

                                                                                                              =

     14                                   = 14 = 34                                           = 34 =

     15                                   = 15 = 35                                           = 35 =

     16                                   = 16 = 36                                           = 36 =

     17                                   = 17 = 37                                           = 37 =

     18                                   =  18                38                             = 38 =

                                               =

     19                                   = 19 = 39                                           = 39 =

     20                                             = 20 = 40                                 = 40 =

     .Checker s i                         I I Markers              I Band                     lltstemng l
         ~n i lia l~                          In itia ls                                         Tolal
                                                                   Score
     'IE LTS L-R v4.0
                       i-==.01334 241442                                                      DPS00/392

                                                                                             © UCLE S 2005 Photocopiable

174
   Are you: Female? =             Male?=

   Your first language code :

                                  IELTS Reading Answer Sheet

Module taken (shade one box) :    Academic =                   General Trainig =

1                                                ,.., 1 X  21                                 .,          ./' 21 X
                                                                                                  ~.     ==
                                                 ==
                                                                              '·                              22
2                                                     2    22                                            ==
                                                 ==
                                                                                                              23
3                                                     3    23                                            ==
                                                 ==
                                                                                                         = 24 =
4                                                = 4 = 24
                                                                                                              25
5                                                = 5 = 25                                                ==

6                              '                 = 6 = 26                                                = 26 =
                                                                                                         = 27 =
7                                                     7    27                                            = 28 =
                                                 ==
                                                                                                              29
8                                                = 8 = 28                                                ==

9                                                     9    29                                            = 30 =
                                                 ==                                                      = 31 =
                                                                                                         = 32 =
10                                               = 10 = 30                                               = 33 =
                                                                                                         = 34 =
11                                               = 11 = 31
                                                                                                              35
12                                               = 12 = 32                                               ==

13                     ....                           13   33                                            = 36 =
                                                 ==
                                                               .                                              37
14                                               = 14 = 34                                               ==
                                                               ..
15                                                   15    35                                            = 38 =
                                                 ==
                                                                                                              39
16                                               = 16 = 36                                               ==

17                                               = 17 = 37                                               = 40 =

18                                               = 18 = 38

19      •.                                            19   39
20  ., ---                                       ==
                                                                           ., ."'.
                                                 = 20 = 40     -··                                    .

                                  I I Mal1cer's                     Band                              j Read1ng J
                                      lnllials                      Score
                                                                                                         Total

                                                                           © UCLES 2005 Photocopiahle
                                                                                                                   175
Acknowledgements

The author and publishers are grateful to the authors, publishers and others who have given
permission for the use of copyright material identified in the text. It has not always been possible to
identify the source of material used or to contact the copyright holders and in such cases the
publishers would welcome information from the copyright owners.
For the extract on pp. 42-43: from 'Lost for Words' by J Knight,© New Scientist Ltd. 12 August,
2000, and the extract on pp. 50-51: from 'Play's the Thing' by A Baker,© New Scientist Ltd.
9 June, 2001; for the extract on pp. 65-66: from the website www.streetkids.org/micro.htm,
'Micro-Enterprise Credit for Street Youth' by A Sutherland and S Richardson, adapted by kind
permission of Street Kids International; for the text on pp. 92-93: adapted from Archaeology:
Theories, Methods and Practice by Colin Renfrew and Paul Bahn, © 1991 and 1996 Thames and
Hudson Ltd. London. Text© 1991 and 1996 Colin Renfrew and Paul Bahn. Adapted by kind
permission of Thames and Hudson, London and New York; for the text on pp. 97-98: 'The
Problem of Scarce Resources' adapted from Bioethics in a Liberal Society by Professor Max
Charlesworth, Cambridge University Press, 1993; for the extract on pp. 111-112: 'The History
of Early Cinema' from The Oxford History of World Cinema edited by Geoffrey Nowell-Smith,
©Oxford University Press, 1996.
The publishers are grateful to the following for permission to include photographs:
p. 18: David Wall (davidwallphoto.com); p. 46: Chris Stowers/Panos Pictures;
pp. 50 (Helene Rogers) and 71 (John Rettie): Art Directors and TRIP Photo Library;
p. 92: Alamy/PHOTOTAKE Inc; p. 126: Spectrum Stock Inc.
Picture research by Valerie Mulcahy
Design concept by Peter Ducker MSTD
Cover design by John Dunne
The cassettes and audio COs which accompany this book were recorded at Studio AVP, London.

176
