Cambridge IELTS 5

Examination papers from
University of Cambridge
ESOL Examinations:
English for Speakers
of Other Languages

V~ CAMBRIDGE
          UN I VERS ITY PRESS
CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY PRESS

Cambridge, New York, Melbourne, Madrid, Cape Town, Singapore, Sao Paulo

Cambridge University Press
The Edinburgh Building, Cambridge CB2 2RU, UK

www.cambridge.org
Information on this title: www.cambridge.org/9780521677028

© Cambridge University Press 2006

It is normally necessary for written permission for copying to be obtained in
advance from a publisher. The candidate answer sheets at the back of this
book are designed to be copied and distributed in class. The normal
requirements are waived here and it is not necessary to write to
Cambridge University Press for permission for an individual teacher to make
copies for use within his or her own classroom . Only those pages which carry
the wording '© UCLES 2006 Photocopiable may be copied .

First published 2006
This China edition first published 2006

Printed in Singapore by Times Graphics Pte Ltd

A catalogue record for this book is available from the British Library

ISBN-13 978-0-521-67701-1 Student's Book with answers
ISBN-10 0-521-67701-7 Student's Book with answers

ISBN-13 978-0-521-67703-5 Cassette Set
ISBN-I 0 0-52 I-67703-3 Cassette Set

ISBN-13 978-0-521-67704-2 Audio CD Set
ISBN-10 0-521-67704-1 Audio CD Set

ISBN-13 978-0-521-67702-8 Self-study Pack
ISBN-10 0-521-67702-5 Self-study Pack

ISBN-13 978-0-521 -69889-4 Self-study Pack China Edition
ISBN-I 0 0-521-69889-8 Self-study Pack China Edition

This special edition is for sale in mainland China only.
It is not for sale in Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan Province .
Contents

Introduction 4
Test 1 10
Test 2 32
Test 3 55
Test 4 78
General Training: Reading and Writing Test A I0 I
General Training: Reading and Writing Test B 114
Tapescripts 128
Answer key 152
Model and sample answers for Writing tasks 162
Sample answer sheets 174
Acknowledgements 176
Introduction

The International English Language Testing System(IELTS) is widely recognised as a
reliable means of assessing the language ability' of candidates who need to study or work
where English is the language of communication. These Practice Tests are designed to give
future IELTS candidates an idea of whether their English is at the required level.

   IELTS is owned by three partners: the University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations, the
British Council and IDP: Education Australia (through its subsidiary company, IELTS
Australia Pty Limited).

   Further information on IELTS can be found in the IELTS Handbook and the IELTS
Information for candidates leaflet , ava ilable free of charge from IELTS centres. These can
also be downloaded from the IELTS website (www.ielts.org).

WHAT IS THE TEST FORMAT?

IELTS consists of six modules. All candidates take the same Listening and Speaking
modules. There is a choice of Reading and Writing modules according to whether a
candidate is taking the Academic or General Training version of the test.

   Academic                                     General Training
   For candidates taking the test for entry to
   undergraduate or postgraduate studies        For candidates ta.1tin& the test for entry to
   for professional reasons.
                                                vocational or training programmes not at

                                                degree level, for admission to secondary

                                                schools and for in:unigration purposes.

The test modules are taken in the following order:

                                  Listening
                           4 sections,40 items
                        approximate!~ · 30 minutes

   Academic Reading

   3 sections,40 items                          OR  3 sections, 40 items
                                                          60 minutes
   60 minutes

   Academic Writing                                 General Training Writing
          2 tasks
                                                OR  2tasks

                                                    60 minutes·

                             Speaking
                        11 to 14 minutes

                          Total Test Time
                        2 hours 44 minutes

4
                                                                                                             lntroduct ion

Listening

This module consists of four sections, each with ten questions. The firs t two sections are
concerned with social needs. The first section is a conversation between two speakers and the
second section is a monologue. The final two sections are concerned with situations related
to educational or training contexts. The third section is a conversation between up to fo ur
people and the fourth section a monologue.

   A variety of question types is used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/form/table/summary/flow-chart completion, labelling a
diagram/plan/map, classificati on, matching.

  . Candidates hear th e recording once only and answer the questions as they listen. Ten
minutes are all owed at the end for candidates to transfer their answe rs to the answer sheet.

Academic Reading

This module consists of three sectio ns with 40 questions. There are three reading passages,
which are taken from magazines, journals, books and newspapers. The passages are on topics
of general interest. A t least one passage conta ins detailed logical argument.

   A variety of question types is used , including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/su mmary/flow-chart/table completion, labe lling a diagram,
classification , matching, choosing sui table paragraph headings from a lis t, identification of
writer's views/claims - yes, no. not given - or identificati o n of information in the passage -
true, false, not given.

General Training Reading

This module consists of three sections with 40 questions. The texts are take n from notices,
advertisements, leaflets, newspapers, instructi on manuals, books and magazines. The first
section contains texts releva nt to basic linguistic surviva l in English, with tasks main ly
concerned wi th providing factual information. The second section focuses on the training
context and invo lves tex ts of more complex language. The third section involves reading
more extended tex ts, with a more complex structure, but wi th the emphasis on descriptive
and instructive rather than a rgumentative text s.

   A variety of questi on types is used , including: multiple cho ice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/summa ry/flow-chart/table completion, labelling a diagram,
classification, matching, choosing suitable paragraph headings from a list, identification of
writer's views/claims - yes, no, not given - identification of information in the tex t - true,
false. not given.

Academic Writing

This module consists of two tasks. It is suggested that candidates spend about 20 minutes on
Task 1, which requires them to write at least 150 words, and 40 minutes on Task 2, which
requires them to write at least 250 words. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in
marking than Task I.

   Task I requires candidates to look at a diagram or some data (graph, table or chart) and
to present the information in their own wo rds. They are assessed on their abi lity to organise,
present and possibly compare data, describe the stages of a process, describe an object or
event, or explain how something works. ·

                                                                                                                 5
Introduction

   In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view, argument or problem. They are
assessed on their ability to present a solution to the problem, present and justify an opinion,
compare and contrast evidence and opinions, and evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence or
arguments.

   Candidates are also assessed on their ability to write in an appropriate style.

General Training Writing

This module consists of two tasks. It is suggested that candidates spend about 20 minutes on
Task I, which requires them to write at least 150 words, and 40 minutes on Task 2, which
requires them to write at least 250 words. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in
marking than Task I.

   In Task I candidates are asked to respond to a given problem with a letter requesting
information or explaining a situation. They are assessed on their abi lity to engage in
personal correspondence, elicit and provide general factual information, express needs,
wants, likes and dislikes, express opinions, complaints, etc.

   In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view, argument or problem. They are
assessed on their ability to provide general factual information, outline a problem and present a
solution, present and justify an opinion, and evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence or arguments.

   Candidates are also judged on their ability to write in an appropriate style.

Speaking

This module takes between 11 and 14 minutes and is conducted by a trained examiner.

There are three parts:

Part 1
The candidate and the examiner introduce themselves. Candidates then answer general
questions about themselves, their home/family, their job/studies, their interests and a wide
range of similar familiar topic areas. This part lasts between four and five minutes.

Part2
The candidate is given a task card with prompts and is asked to talk on a particular topic.
The candidate has one minute to prepare and they can make some notes if they wish, before
speaking for between one and two minutes. The examiner then asks one or two rounding-off
questions.

Part 3
The examiner and the candidate engage in a discussion of more abstract issues which are
thematically linked to the topic prompt in Part 2. The discussion lasts between four and five
minutes.

The Speaking module assesses whether candidates can communicate effectively in English.
The assessment takes into account Fluency and Coherence, Lexical Resource, Grammatical
Range and Accuracy, and Pronunciation.

6
                                                                                                         Introduction

HOW IS IELTS SCORED?

IELTS results are reported on a nine-band scale. In addition to the score for overall language
ability, IELTS provides a score in the form of a profile for each of the four skills (listening,
Reading, Writing and Speaking). These scores are also reported on a nine-band scale. All
scores are recorded on the Test Report Form along with details of the candidate's
nationality, first language and date of birth. Each Overall Band Score corresponds to a
descriptive statement which gives a summary of the English language ability of a candidate
classified at that level. The nine bands and their descriptive statements are as follows:

9 Expert User- Has fully operational command of the language: appropriate, accurate and
   fluent with complete understanding.

8 Very Good User- Has fully operational command of the language with only occasional
   unsystematic inaccuracies and inappropriacies. Misunderstandings may occur in unfamiliar
   situations. Handles complex detailed argumentation well.

7 Good User- Has operational command of the language. though with occasional
   inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings in some situations. Generally handles
   complex language well and understands detailed reasoning.

6 Competent User- Has generally effective command of the language despite some
   inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings. Can use and understandfairly complex
   language, particularly in familiar .situations.

5 Modest User- Has partial command of the language, coping with overall meaning in most
   situations, though is likely to make many mistakes. Should be able to handle basic
   communication in own .field.

4 Limited User- Basic competence is limited to familiar situations. Has frequent problems in
   understanding and expression.. Is not able to use complex language.

3 Extremely Limited User- Conveys and understands only general meaning in very familiar
   situations. Frequent breakdowns in communication occur.

2 Intermittent User- No real communication is possible except for the most basic information
   using isolated words or short formulae .in familiar situations and to meet immediate needs.
   Has great difficulty understanding spoken and written English.

I Non User- Essentially has no ability to use the language beyond possibly a few isolated
   words.

0 Did not attempt the test. -No assessable information provided.

Most universities and colleges in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Canada
accept an IELTS Overall Band Score of 6.0 or 6.5 for entry to academic programmes. IELTS
scores are recognised by over 500 universities and colleges in the USA.

                                                                                                                 7
Introduction

MARKING THE PRACTICE TESTS

Listening and Reading

The Answer key is on pages 152-161 .
Each question in the Listening and Reading modules is worth one mark.

Questions which require letter/Roman numeral answers
• For questions where the answers are letters or numbers, you should write only the number

   of answers required. For example, if the answer is a single letter or number you should
   write only one answer. If you have written more letters or numerals than are required, the
   answer must be marked wrong.

Questions which require answers in the form of words or numbers
• Answers may be written in upper or lower case.
• Words in brackets are optional- they are correct, but not necessary.
• Alternative answers are separated by a single slash (/).
• If you are asked to write an answer using a certain number of words and/or (a) number(s),

   you will be penalised if you exceed this. For example if a question specifies an answer
   using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS and the correct answer is 'black leather coat',
   the answer of 'coat of black leather' is incorrect.
• In questions where you are expected to complete a gap, you should transfer only the
   necessary missing word(s) onto the answer sheet. For example, to complete 'in the .. .',
   and the correct answer is 'morning', the answer 'in the morning' would be incorrect.
• All answers require correct spelling (including words in brackets).
• Bo.th US and UK spelling are acceptable and are included in the Answer key.
• All standard alternatives for numbers, dates and currencies are acceptable.
• All standard abbreviations are acceptable.
• You will find additional no~es about individual questions in the Answer key.

Writing

It is not possible for you to give yourself a mark for the Writing tasks. For Task 1 in Tests 1
and 3, and Task 2 in Tests 2 and 4, and for Task 1 in General Training Test A and Task 2 in
General Training Test B, we have provided model answers (written by an examiner) at the
back of the book. It is important to note that these show just one way of completing the
task, out of many possible approaches. For Task 2 in Tests 1 and 3, Task 1 in Tests 2 and 4,
Task 2 in General Training Test A and Task 1 in General Training Test B, we have provided
sample answers (written by candidates), showing their score and the examiner's comments.
These model answers and sample answers will give you an insight into what is required for
the Writing module.

8
                                                                            Introduction

HOW SHOULD YOU INTERPRET YOUR SCORES?

In the Answer key at the end of each set of Listening and Reading answers you will find a
chart which will help you assess whether, on the basis of your Practice Test results, you are
ready to take the IELTS test.

   In interpreting your score, there are a number of points you should bear in mind. Your
performance in the reai!ELTS test will be reported in two ways: there will be a Band Score
from I to 9 for each of the modules and an Overall Band Score from I to 9, which is the
average of your scores in the four modules. However, institutions considering your
application are advised to look at both the Overall Band and the Bands for each module in
order to determine whether you have the language skills needed for a particular course of
study. For example, if your course has a lot of reading and writing, but no lectures, listening
skills might be less important and a score of 5 in Listening might be acceptable if the Overall
Band Score was 7. However, for a course which has lots of lectures and spoken instructions,
a score of 5 111 Listening might be un acceptable even though the Overall Band Score was 7.

   Once you have marked your tests you should have some idea of whether your listening and
reading skills are good enough for you to try the IELTS test. If you did well enough in one
module but not in others, you will have to decide for yourself whether you are ready to take
the test.

   The Practice Tests have been checked to ensure that they are of approximately the same
level of difficulty as the real IELTS test. However, we cannot guarantee that your score in the
Practice Tests will be reflected in the real IELTS test. The Practice Tests can only give you an
idea of yo ur possible future performance and it is ultimately up to you to make decisions
based on your score.

   Different institutions accept different IELTS scores for different types of courses. We have
based our recommendations on the average scores which the majority of institutions accept.
The institution to which you are applying may. of course, require a higher or lower score
than most other institutions.

   Sample answers and model answers are provided for the Writing tasks. The sample
answers were written by IELTS candidates; each answer has been given a band score and the
candidate's performance is described. Please note that there are many different ways by
which a candidate may achieve a particular band score. The model answers were written by
a n examiner as examples of very good answers, but it is important to understand that they
are just one example out of many possible approaches.

Further information

For more information about IELTS or any other University of Cambridge ESOL
examination write to:

University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations  Telephone: +44 1223 553355

I Hills Road                               Fax: +44 1223 460278

Cambridge       e-mail: ESO Lhel pdesk@cambridgeassessment.org. uk

CBI 2EU                                    http://www.cambridgeesol.org

United Kingdom                             http://www.ielts.org

                                                                            9
Test 1

        LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-6

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

        Dreamtime travel agency

                   Tour information

        Holiday length             2 days
        Type of transportation  1 ·· ···· ····· ····· ···· ·· ··
        Maximum group size      2 ····· ··· ·· ·· ··· ·· ·· ·····
        Next tour date          3 ·················· ······
        Hotel name              4 The ........................

10
                                                                                                          Listening

Questions 5 and 6

Choose TWO letters A-E.
Which TWO things are included in the price of the tour?

      A fishing trip
      B guided bushwalk
      C reptile park entry
      D table tennis
      E tennis

Questions 7-10

Complete the sentences below.

Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.
 7 The tour costs $......... ............... .
 8 Bookings must be made no later than ....................... . days in advance.
 9 A .... ......... ... .. .... .. deposit is required.
10 The customer's reference number is ................ ........ .

                                                                                                                      11
Test I

SECTION 2 Questions 11-20
Questions 11-19

Complete the table below.

Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.

Baby Safe        Easy to                             • Did not have any                         14 ......... ......... .. ... .
Choice Cots      11 ...... ......... ....... ..        12 .... .... ... .... .. .... ...        17 ······················ ··
Mother's Choice                                                                                 19 oo oooo oo oooooooooooooooo
                                                     • Babies could trap
                                                       their
                                                       13 .. ... .... .... ........ .. .
                                                       in the side bar

                 Easy to                             • Side did not
                                                       drop down
                 15  00000 00 0000 0 0000000 0 0000

                                                     • Spaces between the

                                                     bars were

                                                     16               000000000000000000000000

                 Base of cot could be                • Did not have any
                 moved                                 18 ooooooooooooooooo oooooo•

                                                     • Pictures could be
                                                       removed easily

Question 20

Complete the notes below.

Write ONE WORD ONLYfor the answer.
• Metal should not be rusted or bent

      Edges of cot should not be 20 00.00 00 00 00 00 00 00 .... 00.

12
                                                                               Listening

SECTION 3        Questions 21-30

Questions 21-23

Choose the correct letter. A, B or C

21 Andrew has worked at the hospital for

      A two years.
      B three years.
      C five years.

22 During the course Andrew's employers will pay

      A his fees.
      B his living costs.
      C his salary.

23 The part-time course lasts for .

      A one whole year.
      B 18 months.
      C two years.

Questions 24 and 25

Choose TWO letters A-E.

What TWO types of coursework are required each month on the part-time course?
      A a case study
      B an essay

    c a survey

      D a short report
      E a study diary

                                                                               13
Test 1

Questions 26-30

Complete the summary below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                                 Modular Courses

     Students study 26 ..................... ... during each module. A module takes

    27 ........................ and the work is very 28 .........:... .... ........ To get a Diploma each
    student has to study 29 .............. .......... and then work on 30 ........................

     in depth.

14
                                                                                                            Listening

SECTION 4 Questions 31-40
Questions 31-35

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.
31 According to George Bernard Shaw, men are supposed to understand .. ................... ... ,

      economics and finance.
32 However, women are more prepared to ..... ..... ....... .. ..... about them.
33 Women tend to save for ....................... . and a house.
34 Men tend to save for .... ..... ... ..... ... .... and for retirement.
35 Women who are left alone may have to pay for .. ....... ............... when they are old.

Questions 36-40

Complete the summary below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                      Saving for the future

      Research 1ndicates that many women only th1nk about therr financ1al future when a

     36 ........... ............. occurs.This is the worst t1me to make deosions. lt 1s best for women
     to start th1nk1ng about pens1ons when they are 1n the1r 37 .................... ..... A good way
     for women to develop the1r 38 ...................... .. 1n dealing w1th financ1al affa1rs would be
     to attend classes m 39 ......................... When rnvest1ng 1n stocks and shares, 1t IS
     suggested that women should put a high proportion ofthe1r sav1ngs in 40 ........................ .

      In such ways, women can have a comfortable, Independent ret1rement.

                                                                                                                      15
Test 1

        READING

READING PASSAGE I
You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1

below.

Johnson's Dictionary

   For the century before Johnson's                 published h1s D1ct1onary at the very

   D1ct10nory was published in 1775, there          beg1nn1ng of the heyday of the middle
                                                    class .
   had been concern about the state of the
   English language.There was no standard           Johnson was a poet and cnt1c who ra1sed
   way of speaking or writ1ng and no                common sense to the heights of genius.
   agreement as to the best way of bring1ng         H1s approach to the problems that had
   some order to the chaos of Engl1sh               warned Writers throughout the late
   spelling. Dr Johnson provided the solut1on.      seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries
                                                    was 1ntensely practical. Up until his time.
   There had, of course, been dictionaries in       the task of produong a d1ct1onary on such
   the past, the first of these be1ng a little      a large scale had seemed 1mposs1ble
   book of some I 20 pages, compiled by a           without the establishment of an academy
                                                    to make decisions about right and wrong
   certain Robert Cawdray, published in 1604        usage.Johnson dec1ded he d1d not need
   under the title A Table Alphabet.Jco/1 'of hard  an academy to settle arguments about
                                                    language; he would write a dictionary
   usuall English wordes'. L1ke the various         himself; and he would do it single-handed.
   dictionaries that came after 1t during the       Johnson s1gned the contract for the
   seventeenth century, Cawdray's tended to
   concentrate on 'scholarly' words; one            D1ct10nary with the bookseller Robert
   function of the dict1onary was to enable 1ts
   student to convey an Impression of fine          Dosley at a breakfast held at the Golden
   learning.                                        Anchor Inn near Holborn Bar on I 8 June

   Beyond the practical need to make order          1764. He was to be paid {_ 1.575 in
   out of chaos, the rise of dictionaries IS
   associated w1th the rise of the English          instalments, and from this he took money
   middle class, who were anxious to define
   and orcumscr ibe the various worlds to           to rent 17 Gough Square, in which he set
   conquer - lexical as well as social and
   commercial. lt is h1ghly appropriate that        up h1s 'd1ct1onary workshop'.
   Dr Samuel Johnson, the very model of an
   eighteenth-century literary man, as famous       james Boswell, h1s b1ographer; descnbed
   in his own time as in ours, should have          the garret where Johnson worked as 'fitted
                                                    up l1ke a count1ng house' w1th a long desk
16                                                  runn1ng down the m1ddle at wh1ch the
                                                    copy1ng clerks would work stand1ng up.
                                                Reading

Johnson himself was stat1oned on a rickety      Author. an Honour to his own Country in
chair at an 'old crazy deal table'              particular. and a general Benefrt to the
surrounded by a chaos of borrowed               republic of Letters throughout Europe.'
books. He was also helped by six                The fact that Johnson had taken on the
ass1stants, two of whom died whilst the         Academ1es of Europe and matched them
                                                (everyone knew that forty French
DtctJonory was still 1n preparat1on.            academics had taken forty years to
                                                produce the first French national
The work was 1mmense; fi lling about e1ghty     dictionary) was cause for much English
large notebooks (and wrthout a library to       celebrat1on.
hand).johnson wrote the definitions of
over 40,000 words, and illustrated their        Johnson had worked for nine years,'with
many mean1ngs w1th some I 14,000                little assistance of the learned, and w1thout
quotations drawn from English writing on        any patronage of the great; not in the soft
every subject, from the Elizabethans to h1s     obscunt1es of retirement, or under the
own t 1me. He d1d not expect to ach1eve         shelter of academic bowers, but amidst
complete ong1nality.Working to a deadline.      1nconven1ence and d1stract1on, in sickness
he had to draw on the best of all prev1ous      and in sorrow'. For all its faults and
d1ct1onanes, and to make his work one of        eccentncities his two-volume work is a
hero1c synthes1s. In fact, rt was very much     masterp1ece and a landmark, 1n h1s own
more. Unlike h1s predecessors, Johnson          words. 'setting the orthography, displaying
treated Engl1sh very pract1cally. as a liv1ng   the analogy, regulating the structures, and
language, with many different shades of         ascertaining the s1gn1fications.of English
mean1ng. He adopted his defin1t1ons on the      words'.lt is the cornerstone of Standard
pnnople of English common law -                 Engl1sh, an achievement which, in james
according to precedent. After rts               Boswell's words,'conferred stability on the
                                                language of h1s country'.
publication, h1s DtctJonory was not senously
                                                The DtctJonory, together with his other
nvalled for over a century.
                                                wnt1ng, made johnson famous and so well
After many v1ciss1tudes the DtctJonory was      esteemed that his friends were able to
finally published on IS April 1775. it was      prevail upon King George Ill to offer him a
                                                pens1on..From then on, he was to become
Instantly recogn1sed as a landmark              the Johnson of folklore .
throughout Europe.'Th1s very noble work,'
wrote the lead1ng Italian lexicographer. 'will
be a perpetual monument of Fame to the

                                                                                               17
Test 1

Questions 1-3

Choose THREE letters A-H.
Write your answers in boxes 1-3 on your answer sheet.
NB Your answers may be given in any order.
Which THREE of the following statements are true of Johnson's Dictionary?

      A It avoided all scholarly words.
      B It was the only English dictionary in general use for 200 years.
      C It was famous because of the large number of people involved.
      D It focused mainly on language from contemporary texts.
      E There was a time limit for its completion.
      F It ignored work done by previous dictionary writers.
      G It took into account subtleties of meaning.
      H Its definitions were famous for their originality.

Questions 4-7

Complete the summary.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 4-7 on your answer sheet.

   In 1764 Dr Johnson accepted the contract to produce a dictionary. Having rented a
   garret, he took on a number of 4 .. ................ ...... , who stood at a long central desk.
   Johnson did not have a 5 ........................ available to him, but eventually produced
   definitions of in excess of 40,000 words written down in 80 large notebooks. On
   publication, the Dictionary was immediately hailed in many European countries as a
   landmark. According to his biographer. James Boswell, Johnson's principal
   achievement was to bring 6 ................. .. ..... to the English language. As a reward for his
   hard work, he was granted a 7 ............... .... ..... by the king.

18
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 8-13

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 8- 13 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE            if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE           if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN       if there is no information on this

 8 The growing importance of the middle classes led to an increased demand for
      dictionaries.

 9 Johnson has become more well known since his death.
10 Johnson had been planning to write a dictionary for several years.
11 Johnson set up an academy to help with the writing of his Dictionary.
12 Johnson only received payment for his Dictionary on its completion.
13 Not all of the assistants survived to see the publication of the Dictionary.

                                                                                    19
Test 1

READING PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26, which are based on Reading Passage 2
below.

                         Nature or Nurture?

A A few years ago, in one of the most fasc1nat1ng and disturbing experiments in behavioural

       psychology, Stanley Milgram of Yale University tested 40 subjects from all walks of life for
       their willingness to obey instructions given by a 'leader' in a situation in which the subjects

      might feel a personal distaste for the actions they were called upon to perform. Specifically,

       Milgram told each volunteer 'teacher-subject' that the experiment was in the noble cause of
       education, and was designed to test whether or not punishing pupils for their mistakes
       would have a positive effect on the pupils' ability to learn .

B Milgram's experimental set-up involved plac1ng the teacher-subject before a panel of thirty
       switches with labels rangmg from '15 volts of electncity (slight shock)' to '450 volts
       (danger- severe shock) ' in steps of 15 volts each . The teacher-subject was told that
       whenever the pupil gave the wrong answer to a question, a shock was to be administered,
       beginning at the lowest level and increasing in severity with each successive wrong
       answer. The supposed 'pupil' was in reality an actor hired by Milgram to simulate receiving
       the shocks by emitting a spectrum of groans, screams and writhings together with an
       assortment of statements and expletives denounc1ng both the experiment and the
       experimenter. Milgram told the teacher-subject to 1gnore the reactions of the pupil, and to
       administer whatever level of shock was called for, as per the rule governing the
       experimental situation of the moment.

C As the experiment unfolded, the pupil would deliberately give the wrong answers to

       questions posed by the teacher, thereby bringing on various electrical punishments, even
       up to the danger level of 300 volts and beyond. Many of the teacher-subjects balked at
       administering the higher levels of punishment, and turned to Milgram with questioning
       looks and/or complaints about continuing the experiment. In these situations, Milgram
       calmly explained that the teacher-subject was to ignore the pup11's cries tor mercy and
       carry on with the experiment. If the subject was still reluctant to proceed, Milgram said that
       it was important for the sake of the experiment that the procedure be followed through to
       the end. His final argument was, 'You have no other choice. You must go on .' What Milgram
       was trying to discover was the number of teacher-subjects who would be willing to
       administer the highest levels of shock, even in the face of strong personal and moral
       revulsion against the rules and conditions of the expenment.

0 Prior to carrying out the experiment, Milgram explained his idea to a group of
       39 psychiatrists and asked them to predict the average percentage of people 1n an
       ordinary population who would be willing to administer the highest shock level of 450 volts.
       The overwhelming consensus was that virtually all the teacher-subjects would refuse to
       obey the experimenter. The psychiatrists felt that 'most subjects would not go beyond
       150 volts' and they further anticipated that only tour per cent would go up to 300 volts .

20
                                                                                                         Reading

      Furthermore . they thought that only a lunatic fringe of about one in 1.000 would give the
       highest shock of 450 volts .
E What were the actual results? Well . over 60 per cent of the teacher-subjects continued to
       obey Milgram up to the 450-volt limit! In repetitions of the experiment in other countries, the
       percentage of obedient teacher-subjects was even higher. reaching 85 per cent in one
       country. How can we possibly account for this vast discrepancy between what calm,
       rat1onal. knowledgeable people predict in the comfort of their study and what pressured,
       flustered, but cooperative 'teachers' actually do 1n the laboratory of real life?
F One's first inclination might be to argue that there must be some sort of built-in animal
       aggression instinct that was activated by the experiment, and that Milgram's teacher-
       subjects were JUSt following a genetic need to discharge this pent-up primal urge onto the
       pupil by administenng the electrical shock. A modern hard-core sociobiologist might even
       go so far as to claim that this aggressive instinct evolved as an advantageous trait. having
       been of surv1val value to our ancestors in their struggle against the hardships of life on the
       plains and in the caves, ultimately finding its way into our genetic make-up as a remnant of
       our ancient animal ways.
G An alternative to this notion of genetic programming is to see the teacher-subjects' actions
       as a result of the social environment under which the experiment was carried out. As
       Milgram himself pointed out. 'Most subjects 1n the expenment see their behaviour in a
       larger context that is benevolent and useful to society- the pursuit of scientific truth . The
       psychological laboratory has a strong claim to legitimacy and evokes trust and confidence
       in those who perform there. An action such as shocking a victim, which in isolation appears
       evil, acquires a completely different meaning when placed in this setting .'
H Thus . in this explanation the subject merges his unique personality and personal and moral
       code with that of larger institutional structures, surrendering individual properties like
       loyalty, self-sacrifice and discipline to the service of malevolent systems of authority.
       Here we have two radically different explanations for why so many teacher-subjects were
       willing to forgo their sense of personal responsibility for the sake of an institutional authority
       figure . The problem for biologists, psychologists and anthropologists is to sort out which of
       these two polar explanations is more plausible . This, in essence. is the problem of modern
       sociobiology -to discover the degree to which hard-wired genetic programming dictates,
       or at least strongly b1ases, the interaction of animals and humans with their environment,
       that is. their behaviour. Put another way, sociobiology is concerned with elucidating the
       biological basis of all behaviour.

                                                                                                                   21
Test 1

Questions 14-19

Reading Passage 2 has nine paragraphs, A-1.

Which paragraph contains the following information?

Write the correct letter A-1 in boxes 14-19 on your answer sheet.

14 a biological explanation of the teacher-subjects' behaviour
15 the explanation Milgram gave the teacher-subjects for the experiment
16 the identity of the pupils
17 the expected statistical outcome
18 the general aim of sociobiological study
19 the way Milgram persuaded the teacher-subjects to continue

Questions 20-22

Choose the correct letter. A, B. Cor D.

Write your answers in boxes 20-22 on your answer sheet.

20 The teacher-subjects were told that they were testing whether
      A a 450-volt shock was dangerous.
      B punishment helps learning.
      C the pupils were honest.
      D they were suited to teaching.

21 The teacher-subjects were instructed to
      A stop when a pupil asked them to.
      B denounce pupils who made mistakes.
      C reduce the shock level after a correct answer.
      D give punishment according to a rule.

22 Before the experiment took place the psychiatrists
      A believed that a shock of 150 volts was too dangerous.
      B failed to agree on how the teacher-subjects would respond to instructions.
      C underestimated the teacher-subjects' willingness to comply with experimental
             procedure.
      D thought that many of the teacher-subjects would.administer a shock of 450 volts.

22
                                                                                     Reading

Questions 23-26

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 23-26 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE            ·if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN        if there is no information on this

23 Several of the subjects were psychology students at Yale University.

24 Some people may believe that the teacher-subjects' behaviour could be explained as a
      positive survival mechanism.

25 In a sociological explanation, personal values are more powerful than authority.

26 Milgram's experiment solves an important question in sociobiology.

                                                                                         23
Test 1

READI NG PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questio11s 27-40. 1vhich are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

  For many environmentalists, the world seems to be getting worse . They have developed
  a hit-list of our main fea rs: that natural resources are runni ng out; that the population is
  ever growing, leaving less and less to eat; that species are becoming extinct in vast
  numbers, and that the planet's air and water are becoming ever more polluted.
  But a quick look at the facts shows a different picture. First, energy and other natural
   resources have become more abundant, not less so, since the book 'The Limits to
  Growt h' was publish ed in 1972 by a group of scientists. Second, ·more food is now
  produced pe r head of the world's population than at any time in history. Fewer people
  are starving . Third, although species are indeed becoming extinct, only about 0.7% of
  them are expected to disappear in the next 50 years, not 25-50%, as has so often been
  predicted . And finally, most forms of environmental polluti on either appear to have
  been exaggerated, or are transient- associated with the early phases of industrialisation
  and therefore best cured not by restrict ing economic growth, but by accelerating it. One
  form of pollution- the release of greenhouse gases that causes global warming- does
  appear to be a phenomenon that is going to extend well into our future, but its total
  impact is unl ikely to pose a devastating problem. A bigger problem may well turn out to
  be an inappropriate response to it.

  Yet op inion polls suggest that many people nurture the belief that environmental
  standards are declining and four factors seem to cause this disjunction between
  perception and reality.

  One is the lopsidedness built into scient ific research. Scientific funding goes ma inly to
  areas with many problems. That may be wise policy, but it will also create an impression
  that many more potential problems exist than is the case .
  Secondly, environmental groups need to be noticed by the mass media . They also need
  to keep the money rolling in. Understandably, perhaps, they sometimes overstate their
  arguments. In 1997, for example, the World W ide Fund for Nature issued a press
  release entitled : 'Two thirds of the world's forests lost forever'. The truth turns out to
  be nearer 20 %.
  Though these groups are run overwhelmingly by selfless folk, they nevertheless share
  many of the characterist ics of other lobby groups. That would matter less if people
  applied the same degree of scepticism to environmental lobby ing as they do to lobby
  groups in other fields . A trade organisation arguing for, say, weaker pollution controls is
  instantly seen as self-interested. Yet a green organis ation opposing such a weakening is

24
                                                                                                                 Reading

  seen as altruistic, even if an impartial view of the controls in question might suggest
 they are doing more harm than good.

  A third source of confusion is the attitude of the media. People are clearly more curious
  about bad news than good. Newspapers and broadcasters are there to provide what the
  public wants. That, however, can lead to significant distortions of perception . An
  example was America's encounter with El Nifio in 1997 and 1998. This climatic
  phenomenon was accused of wrecking tourism, causing allergies, melting the ski-slopes
  and causing 22 deaths. However, according to an article in the Bulletin of the American
  Meteorological Society, the damage it did was estimated at US$4 billion but the benefits
. amounted to some US$19 billion. These came from higher winter temperatures (which
  saved an estimated 850 lives, reduced heating costs and diminished spring floods caused
  by meltwaters).

 The fourth factor is poor individual perception . People worry that the endless rise in the
  amount of stuff everyone throws away will cause the world to run out of places to
  dispose of waste. Yet, even if America's trash output continues to rise as it has done in
 the past, and even if the American population doubles by 2100, all the rubbish America
  produces through the entire 21st century will still take up only one-12,000th ofthe area
  of the entire United States.

  So what of global warming? As we know, carbon dioxide emissions are causing the
  planet to warm. The best estimates are that the temperatures will rise by 2-3°C in this
  century, causing considerable problems, at a total cost of US$5,000 billion.

  Despite the intuition that something drastic needs to be done about such a costly
  problem, economic analyses clearly show it will be far more expensive to cut carbon
 dioxide emissions radically than to pay the costs of adaptation to the increased
 temperatures. A model by one of the main authors of the United Nations Climate
  Change Panel shows how an expected temperature increase of 2.1 degrees in 2100
 would only be diminished to an increase of 1.9 degrees. Or to put it another way, the
 temperature increase that the planet would have experienced in 2094 would be
  postponed to 2100.

 So this does not prevent global warming, but merely buys the world six years. Yet the
 cost of reducing carbon dioxide emissions, for the United States alone, will be higher
 than the cost of solving the world's single, most pressing health problem: providing
 universal access to clean drinking water and sanitation . Such measures would avoid
 2 million deaths every year, and prevent half a billion people from becoming seriously ill.

 lt is crucial that we look at the facts if we want to make the best possible decisions for
 the future . lt may be costly to be overly optimistic- but more costly still to be too
 pessimistic.

                                                                                                       25
Test I

Questions 27-32

Do the following statements agree with the claims of the writer in Reading Passage 3?

In boxes 27-32 on your answer sheet, write

    YES          if the statement agrees with the writer's claims
                 if the statement contradicts the writer's claims
    NO           if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this
    NOT GIVEN

27 Environmentalists take a pessimistic view of the world for a number of reasons.
28 Data on the Earth's natural resources has only been collected since 1972.
29 The number of starving people in the world has increased in recent years.
30 Extinct species are being replaced by new species.
31 Some pollution problems have been correctly linked to industrialisation.
32 It would be best to attempt to slow down economic growth.

26
                                                                                                               Reading

Questions 33-37

Choose the correct letter. A , B. Cor D.

Write your answers in box es 33- 37 on your answer sheet.

33 What aspect of scientific research does the writer express concern about in paragraph 4?
      A the need to produce results
      B the lack of financial support
      C the selection of areas to research
      D the desire to solve every research problem

34 The writer quotes from the Worldwide Fund for Nature to illustrate how
      A influential the mass media can be.
      B effective environmental groups can be.
      C the mass media can help groups raise funds.
      D environmental groups can exaggerate their claims.

35 What is the writer's main point about lobby groups in paragraph 6?
      A Some are more active than others.
      B Some are better organised than others.
      C Some receive more criticism than others.
      D Some support more important issues than others.

36 The writer suggests that newspapers print items that are intended to
      A educate readers.
      B meet their readers' expectations.
      C encourage feedback from readers.
      D mislead readers.

37 What does the writer say about America's waste problem?
      A It will increase in line with population growth.
      B It is not as important as we have been led to believe.
      C It has been reduced through public awareness of the issues.
      D It is only significant in certain areas of the country.

                                                                                                            27
Test 1

Questions 38-40

Complete the summary with the list of words A-1 below.
Write the correct /eue·r A-1 in boxes 38-40 on your answer sheet.

                                          GLOBAL WARMING
The writer admits that global warming is a 38 ........................ challenge, but says that it will
not have a catastrophic impact on our future, if we deal with it in the 39 ........................ way.
If we try to reduce the levels of greenhouse gases, he believes that it would only have a
minimal impact on rising temperatures. He feels it would be better to spend money on the
more 40 ........................ health problem of providing the world's population with clean
drinking water.

    A unrealistic  B agreed  C expensive                           D right
    E long-term    F usual   G surprising                          H personal
    I urgent

28
                                                                                       Writing

            WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
              The graph below shows the proportion of the population aged 65 and over
             between 1940 and 2040 in three different countries.
             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

%     Proportion of population aged 65 and over

30 ,--------------------------------------.

0 ~------~------~--------~------~------~

1940  1960  1980        2000   2020              2040

                  Year

                        Japan
            ---- Sweden

                      USA

                                                                                       29
Test I

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Universities should accept equal numbers of male andfemale students in
             every subject.
              To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

30
                                                                                     Speaking

SPEAKING

PART I

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Your country

• Which part of your country do most people live in?
• Tell me about the main industries there.
• How easy is it to travel around your country?
• Has your country changed much since you were a child?

PART 2                                      You will have to talk about the topic for
                                            one to two minutes.
  Describe a well-known person you like or  You have one minute to think about what
 admire.                                    you 're going to say.
                                            You can make some notes to help you if
 You should say:                            you wish.
     who this person is
     what this person has done
     why this person is well known

 and explain why you admire this person.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Famous people in your country

Example questions:
What kind of people become famous people these days?
Is this different from the kind of achievement that made people famous in the past?
In what way?
How do you think people will become famous in the future?

Being in the public eye

Example questions:
What are the good things about being famous? Are there any disadvantages?
How does the media in your country treat famous people?
Why do you think ordinary people are interested in the lives of famous people?

                                                                                       31
Test 2

                           LISTENING

SECTION I       Questions 1-10

Questions 1-10

Complete the notes below.

Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                           Example                      Ans1ver
                           Minimum joining age:         ~~. '!.~.C!.~?.

    For registration, must take

    • two I .... .......... .......... and
    • two forms of I.D. e.g. driving licence, 2 ...................... ..

    Cost to join per year (without current student card): 3 £ .................... .. ..
    Number of items allowed: (members of public) 4 ........ .. .. ........ .. ..
    Loan times: four weeks
    Fines start at 5 £ ........ .. ...... .... .. ..
    Computers can be booked up to 6 .... ........ .. .......... hours in advance
    Library holds most national papers, all 7 ........ .............. .. , and magazines
    Need 8 ........ .. ............. . to use photocopier

    Creative Writing class
    • tutor is John 9 .... .......... .. ...... ..
    • held on 10 .. ........... .. .... ..... evenings

32
                                                          Listening

SECTION 2        Questions 11-20

Questions 11-15

Choose the correct letter, .A, B or C

                           BICYCLES FOR THE WORLD

11 In 1993 Dan Pearman went to Ecuador
      A as a tourist guide.
      B as part of his studies.
      C as a voluntary worker.

12 Dan's neighbour was successful in business because he
      A employed carpenters from the area.
      B was the most skilled craftsman in the town.
      C found it easy to reach customers.

13 Dan says the charity relies on
      A getting enough bicycles to send regularly.
      B finding new areas which need the bicycles.
      C charging for the bicycles it sends abroad.

14 What does Dan say about the town of Rivas?
      A It has received the greatest number of bikes.
      B It has almost as many bikes as Amsterdam.
      C Its economy has been totally transformed.

15 What problem did the charity face in August 2000?
      A It couldn't meet its overheads.
      B It had to delay sending the bikes.
      C It was criticised in the British media.

                                                          33
Test 2

Questions 16 and 17

Answer the questions below.
Write NO MORE TllAN ONE WORD OR A NUMBER for each answer.
16 How much money did the charity receive when it won an award?

17 What is the charity currently hoping to buy?

Questions 18-20

Choose THREE letters A-G
Which THREE things can the general public do to help the charity Pedal Power?

                                  A organise a bicycle collection
                                  B repair the donated bikes
                                  C donate their unwanted tools
                                  D do voluntary work in its office
                                  E hold an event to raise money
                                  F identify areas that need bikes
                                  G write to the government

34
                                                                                                               Listening

SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-30

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THA N THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                'Student Life' video project

Enjoyed:                         Cristina                                   lbrahim

Most useful     . us1ng the camera                          contact w 1th students do1ng
language                                                    other courses (has asked some
practice:       . go1ng to a Bnt1sh
                                                            to 22 .. ..... .. ........ .. .. ... w1th h1m)
General           21 ........................
usefulness:                                                 l1sten1ng to Bnt1sh students'
                . listen1ng to 1nstruct1ons                 language because of:
Things to do                                                - normal speed
differently in  • leamng 23 ......... ......... .... ..     - large amount of
future :
                   vocabulary                               24 ........ .... ......... ...

                • operat1ng v1deo camera                    the 1mportance of

                0 work1ng w1th other people:                27 ...... ............... .. .
                  - learn1ng about

                    25 ..... ..... ... ....... ....

                  - comprom1s1ng

                  - 26 ... .... ............. .... people

                      who have d1fferent v1ews

                0 dec1de when to                            don't make the film too

                  28 ............. ......... .. each stage  30 .. .. ... ... ....... ... ... .

                  at the beg1nn1ng
                0 make more effort to

                  29 ..... ...... ... ...... .... With

                  the camera

                                                                                                            35
Test 2

SECTION 4 Questions 31-40
Questions 31-40

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                                          ANTARCTICA

     GEOGRAPHY
     • world 's highest, coldest and windiest continent
     • more than 31 .. ... .... ... ............ times as big as the UK
     • most of the area is classified as 32 .. ... ... ..... .. ... ..... .
     RESEARCH STATIONS
     • international teams work together
     • 33 ... ....... ...... ....... . is integrated with technical support
     • stations contain accommodation, work areas, a kitchen, a 34 .. .... ...... ... ....... .. and a

          gym
     • supplies were brought to Zero One station by sledge from a 35 ... ............ .. .... ... at

         the edge of the ice 15 km away
     • problem of snow build-ups solved by building stations on 36 ................... ..... with

         adjustable legs
     FOOD AND DIET
     • average daily requirement for an adult in Antarctica is approximately

         37 ........ ........ .. .. ... . ki localories
     • rations for field work prepared by process of freeze-drying

36
                                                                                                        Listening
RESEARCH
The most important research focuses on climate change, including
- measuring changes in the ice-cap (because of effects on sea levels and

    38 ........................ )
- monitoring the hole in the ozone layer

- .analysing air from bubbles in ice to measure 39 .... .. .................. caused by human
    activity

WORK OPPORTUNITIES
Many openings for 40 ...... .................. people including
- research assistants
- administrative and technical positions

                                                                                                                    37
Test 2

        READING

READING PASSAGE I

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13. which are based on Reading Passage 1
belo w.

                                          The birth of modern plastics

  ln 1907, Leo Hendnck Baekeland, a Belg1an sc1ent1st working in New York, d1scovered and
  patented a revolutionary new synthetic matenal . H1s mvention, which he named 'Bakelite',
  was of enormous technolog1cal importance, and effectively launched the modern plastics
  mdustry.

 The term 'plast1c' comes from the Greek plassein, meanmg 'to mould ' . Some plastics are

  derived from natural sources, some are semi -synthetic (the result of chemical act1on on a
  natural substance), and some are ent1rely synthetiC, that IS, chem1cally eng1neered from the
  constituents of coal or oil . Some are 'thermoplastic', wh1ch means that, like candlewax, they
  melt when heated and can then be reshaped . Others are 'thermosetting' : l1ke eggs, they
  cannot revert to the1r original v1scous state , and the1r shape 1s thus f1xed for ever. Bakelite had
  the dist1nct1on of bemg the f1rst totally synthetiC thermosettmg plast1c.

  The h1story of today's plast1cs begins w1th the d1scovery of a series of semi -synthetiC
  thermoplastic matenals in the mid-nmeteenth century. The impetus beh1nd the development
 of these early plast1cs was generated by a number of factors- immense technological
  progress m the doma1n of chemistry, coupled with wider cultural changes, and the pragmatic
  need to fmd acceptable substitutes for dwindl1ng suppl1es of 'luxury' materials such as
  tortoiseshell and 1vory.

  Baekeland 's 1nterest m plastics began m 1885 when, as a young chemistry student 1n
  Belg1um, he embarked on research 1nto phenol1c resms, the group of sticky substances
  produced when phenol (carbolic acid) combines w1th an aldehyde (a volatile flu1d similar to
 alcohol). He soon abandoned the subject, however, only returning to it some years later. By
  1905 he was a wealthy New Yorker, having recently made his fortune w1th the mvention of a
  new photographic paper. While Baekeland had been busily amassing dollars, some advances
  had been made in the development of plastics. The years 1899 and 1900 had seen the
  patentmg of the f1rst sem1-synthetic thermosettmg matenal that could be manufactured on
 an Industrial scale. In purely sc1entific terms, Baekeland 's maJor contribution to the field is not
  so much the actual discovery of the material to which he gave his name, but rather the
  method by which a readion between phenol and formaldehyde could be controlled, thus

38
                                                                                                                Reading

making possible its preparation on a commercial basis. On 13 July 1907, Baekeland 'took out
his famous patent describing this preparation, the essential features of which are still in use
today.

The origmal patent outlined a three-stage process, 1n which phenol and formaldehyde
(from wood or coal) were Initially combined under vacuum inside a large egg-shaped kettle .
The result was a resm known as Novalak, wh1ch became soluble and malleable when heated .
The resin was allowed to cool in shallow trays until it hardened, and then broken up and
ground into powder. Other substances were then introduced: including fillers, such as
woodflour, asbestos or cotton, which increase strength and moisture resistance, catalysts
(substances to speed up the reaction between two chemicals without joining to either) and
hexa, a compound of ammon1a and formaldehyde which supplied the additional
formaldehyde necessary to form a thermosetting resin. This resm was then left to cool and
harden, and ground up a second time. The resulting granular powder was raw Bakelite, ready
to be made into a vast range of manufactured objects. In the last stage, the heated Bakelite
was poured into a hollow mould of the required shape and subjected to extreme heat and
pressure, thereby 'setting' its form for l1fe.

The design of Bakel1te objects, everyth1ng from earrings to television sets, was governed to a
large extent by the technical requirements of the moulding process. The object could not be
designed so that it was locked into the mould and therefore difficult to extract. A common
general rule was that objects should taper towards the deepest part of the mould, and if
necessary the product was moulded m separate pieces. Moulds had to be carefully designed
so that the molten Bakelite would flow evenly and completely 1nto the mould . Sharp corners
proved impractical and were thus avoided, givmg rise to the smooth, 'streamlined' style
popular in the 1930s. The th1ckness of the walls of the mould was also crucial : thick walls
took longer to cool and harden, a factor wh1ch had to be considered by the des1gner 1n order
to make the most effic1ent use of machines.

Baekeland's invention, although treated with d1sdain in 1ts early years, went on to enjoy an
unparalleled popularity which lasted throughout the first half of the twentieth century. lt
became the wonder product of the new world of 1ndustnal expansion- 'the material of a
thousand uses' . Being both non-porous and heat-resistant, Bakelite k1tchen goods were
promoted as being germ-free and sterilisable . Electrical manufacturers se1zed on its insulating
properties, and consumers everywhere relished 1ts dazzlmg array of shades, delighted that
they were now, at last, no longer restricted to the wood tones and drab browns of the pre-
plastic era. lt then fell from favour again dunng the 1950s, and was despised and destroyed
in vast quantities. Recently, however, it has been expenencing something of a renaissance,
with renewed demand for original Bakelite objects m the collectors' marketplace, and
museums, societies and dedicated mdividuals once again appreciating the style and originality
of this innovative material.

                                                                                                               39
Test 2

Questions 1-3

Complete the summary.
Choose ONE WORD ONLYfrom the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 1-3 on your answer sheet.

   Some plastics behave in a similar way to 1 .................... .... in that they melt under heat

   and can be moulded into new forms . Bakelite was unique because it was the first material

   to be both entirely 2 .................. ...... in origin , and thermosetting .

       There were several reasons for the research into plastics in the nineteenth century,
   among them the great advances that had been made in the field of 3 ........................ and
   the search for alternatives to natural resources like ivory.

40
                                                                                   Reading

Questions 4-8

Complete the flow-chart.
Choose ONE WORD ONLYfrom the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 4-8 on your answer sheet.

The Production of Bakelite

phenol -------------.

formaldehyde~                                                combine under vacuum

                                                                  ~
                                                             stage one resin, called 4 ........... .... ........ .

                                                                          +

                                                                            cool until hardened

                                                                           +

                                                                   break up and grind·into powder

5 ........ ... ... .... .. ....

(e.g. cotton, asbestos) - - - - . .

                                catalysts                    ~

ammonia~

                             6 ··· ····· ······ ······ ····

formaldehyde~

                                                                              stage two resin

                                                                '+ cool until hardened

                                                                    break up and grind into powder

                                                                  + 7 ........ ......... ....... Bakelite

                                                                          +

                                                                                      heat

                                                                          +

                                                                              pour into mould

                                                                            +

                                                             apply intense heat and 8 .... ....... ............ .

                                                                          +

                                                                            cool until hardened

                                                                                                                    41
Test 2

Questions 9 and 10

Choose TWO letters A-E.

Write your answers in boxes 9 and 10 on your answer sheet.

NB Your answers may be given in either order.

Which TWO of the following factors influencing the design of Bakelite objects are
mentioned in the text?

    A the function which the object would serve
    B the ease with which the resin could fill the mould
    C the facility with which the object could be removed from the mould
    D the limitations of the materials used to manufacture the mould
    E the fashionable styles of the period

Questions 11-13

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 11-13 on your answer sheet, write

    TRUE                 if the statement agrees with the information
    FALSE                if the statement contradicts the information
    NOT GIVEN
                         if there is no information on this

11 Modern-day plastic preparation is based on the same principles as that patented
      in 1907.

12 Bakelite was immediately welcomed as a practical and versatile material.

13 Bakelite was only available in a limited range of colours.

42
                                                                                                                  Reading

 READING PASSAGE 2

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-27, which are based on Reading Passage 2
 below.

                     What's so funn

                                                ;.·

               John McCrone reviews recent research on humour

 The joke comes over the headphones: 'Which side of a dog has the most hair? The left.'
 No, not funny. Try again . 'Which side of a dog has the most hair? The outside.' Hah! The
 punchline is silly yet fitting , tempting a smile, even a laugh. Laughter has always struck
 people as deeply mysterious, perhaps pointless. The writer Arthur Koestler dubbed it the
 luxury reflex : ' unique in that it serves no apparent biological purpose'.

 Theories about humour have an ancient pedigree. Plato expressed the idea that humour is
 simply a delighted feeling of superiority over others. Kant and Freud felt that joke-telling
 relies on building up a psychic tension which is safely punctured by the ludicrousness of
 the punchline. But most modern humour theorists have settled on some version of
 Aristotle's belief that jokes are based on a reaction to or resolution of incongruity, when the
 punchline is either a nonsense or, though appearing silly, has a clever second meaning.

 Graeme Ritchie, a computational linguist in Edinburgh, studies the linguistic structure of
 jokes in order to understand not only humour but language understanding and reasoning
 in machines. He says that while there is no single format for jokes, many revolve around a
 sudden and surprising conceptual shift. A comedian will present a situation followed by an
· unexpected interpretation that is also apt.

 So even if a punchline sounds silly, the listener can see there is a clever semantic fit and
 that sudden mental 'Aha!' is the buzz that makes us laugh . Viewed from this angle, humour
 is just a form of creative insight, a sudden leap to a new perspective .

 However, there is another type of laughter, the laughter of social appeasement and it is
 important to understand this too. Play is a crucial part of development in most young
 mammals. Rats produce ultrasonic squeaks to prevent their scuffles turn ing nasty.
 Chimpanzees have a 'play-face'- a gaping expression accompanied by a panting ' ah, ah'
 noise. In humans, these signals have mutated into smiles and laughs. Researchers believe
 social situations, rather than cognitive events such as jokes, trigger these instinctual
 markers of play or appeasement. People laugh on fairground rides or when tickled to flag a
 play situation, whether they feel amused or not.

 Both social and cognitive types of laughter tap into the same expressive machinery in our
 brains, the emotion and motor circuits that produce smiles and excited vocalisations.
 However, if cognitive laughter is the product of more general thought processes, it should
 result from more expansive brain activity.

                                                                                                                43
Test 2

Psychologist Vi nod Gael investigated humour using the new technique of 'single event'
functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). An MRI scanner uses magnetic fields and
radio waves to track the changes in oxygenated blood that accompany mental activity.
Until recently, MRI scanners needed several minutes of activity and so could not be used to
track rapid thought pr:ocesses such as comprehending a joke. New developments now
allow half-second 'snapshots' of all sorts of reasoning and problem-solving activities.
Although Gael felt being inside a brain scanner was hardly the ideal place for appreciating
a joke, he found evidence that understanding a joke involves a widespread mental shift. His
scans showed that at the beginning of a joke the listener's prefrontal cortex lit up,
particularly the right prefrontal believed to be critical for problem solving. But there was
also activity in the temporal lobes at the side of the head (consistent with attempts to rouse
stored knowledge) and in many other brain areas. Then when the punchline arrived, a new
area sprang to life- the orbital prefrontal cortex. This patch of brain tucked behind the
orbits of the eyes is associated with evaluating information.
Making a rapid emotional assessment of the events of the moment is an extremely
demanding job for the brain, animal or human. Energy and arousal levels may need to be
retuned in the blink of an eye. These abrupt changes will produce either positive or
negative feelings. The orbital cortex, the region that becomes active in Gael's experiment,
seems the best candidate fo r the site that feeds such feelings into higher-level thought
processes, with its close connections to the brain's sub-cortical arousal apparatus and
centres of metabolic control.
All warm-blooded animals make constant tiny adjustments in arousal in response to
external events, but humans, who have developed a much more complicated internal life
as a result of language, respond emotionally not only to their surroundings, but to their
own thoughts. Whenever a sought-for answer snaps into place, there is a shudder of
pleased recognition. Creative discovery being pleasurable, humans have learned to find
ways of milking this natural response. The fact that jokes tap into our general evaluative
machinery explains why the line between funny and disgusting, or funny and frightening,
can be so fine. Whether a joke gives pleasure or pain depends on a person's outlook.
Humour may be a luxury, but the mechanism behind it is no evolutionary accident. As
Peter Derks, a psychologist at William and Mary College in Virginia, says: 'I like to think of
humour as the distorted mirror of the mind. lt's creative, perceptual, analytical and lingual.
If we can figure out how the mind processes humour, then we'll have a pretty good handle
on how it works in general.'

44
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 14-20

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 14-20 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE            if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN        if there is no information on this

14 Arthur Koestler considered laughter biologically important in several ways.
15 Plato believed humour to be a sign of above-average intelligence.
16 Kant believed that a successful joke involves the controlled release of nervous energy.
17 Current thinking on humour has largely ignored Aristotle's view on the subject.
18 Graeme Ritchie's work links jokes to artificial intelligence.
19 Most comedians use personal situations as a source of humour.
20 Chimpanzees make particular noises when they are playing.

                                                                                            45
Test 2

Questions 21-23

The diagram below shows the areas of the brain activated by jokes.
Label the diagram.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 21-23 on your answer sheet.

                           Right prefrontal cortex lights  22 ......... ....... ........ become
                           up - area of brain linked to
                         21 ... .. ..... .......... ....   active too

    Orbital prefrontal cortex is
    activated - involved with

    23 .. ....... ... .. ..... .. .. .

46
                                                                      Reading

Questions 24-27

Complete each sentence with the correct ending A-G below.

Write the correct letter A-Gin boxes 24-27 on your answer sheet.

24 One of the brain's most difficult tasks is to
25 Because of the language they have developed, humans
26 Individual responses to humour
27 Peter Derks believes that humour

A react to their own thoughts.
B helped create language in humans.
C respond instantly to whatever is happening.
D may provide valuable information about the operation of the brain.
E cope with difficult situations.
F relate to a person's subjective views.
G led our ancestors to smile and then laugh.

                                                                      47
Test 2

READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 m inutes on Questions 28-40, which are based on Reading Passage 3
belo w.

           The Birth of Scientific English

World science is dominated today by a         revolution of them all - the new theories of
small number of languages, including          astronomy and the movement of the Earth
Japanese, German and French , but it is       in relation to the planets and stars,
English which is probably the most popular    developed by Copernicus (1473-1543) .
global language of science. This is not just
because of the importance of English-         England was one of the first countries
                                              where sc ientists adopted and publicised
speaking countries such as th e USA in        Copernican ideas with enthusiasm . Some
                                              of these scholars, including two with
scientific research; the scientists of many   interests in language- John Wall is and
non-English-speaking countries find that      John Wilkins - helped found the Royal
they need to write their research papers in   Society in 1660 in order to promote
English to reach a wide international         empirical scientific research .
audience. G iven the prominence of
scientific English today, it may seem         Across Europe similar academies and
                                              societies arose, creating new national
surprising that no one really knew how to     traditions of science. In the initial stages of
                                              the scientific revolution, most publications in
write science in English befo re the          the national languages were popular
17th century. Before that, Latin was          works, encyclopaed ias, educational
                                              textbooks and translations. Original science
regarded as the lingua Franco 1 for           was not done in English until the second
                                              half of the 17th century. For example,
European intellectuals.                       Newton published his mathematical

The European Renaissance (c . 14th-16th       treatise, known as the Principia, in Latin,
century) is sometimes called the 'revival of
                                              but published his later work on the
learning', a time of renewed interest in the
                                              properties of light- Opticks- in English .
'lost knowledge' of classical times. At the
same time, however, scholars also began       There were several reasons why original
to test and extend this knowledge . The       science continued to be written in Latin.
emergent nation states of Europe              The first was simply a matter of audience.
developed competitive interests in world      Latin was su itable for an international
exploration and the development of trade .    audience of scholars, whereas English
Such expansion, which was to take the         reached a socially w ider, but more local,
English language west to America and east     aud ience. Hence, popular science was
to India, was supported by scientific         written in English .
developments such as the d iscovery of
magnetism (and hence the invention of the
compass), improvements in cartography
and - perhaps the most important scientific

1 /ingua franca: a language which is used for commu nication betwee n grou ps of people who speak different
languages

48
                                              Reading

A second reason for writing in Latin may,     Fortunately, several members of the Royal
perversely, have been a concern for           Society possessed an interest in language
secrecy. Open publication had dangers in      and became engaged in various linguistic
putting into the public domain preliminary    projects . Although a proposal in 1664 to
ideas which had not yet been fully            establish a committee for improving the
exploited by their 'author'. This growing     Engl ish language came to little, the
concern about intellectual property rights    society's members did a great deal to
was a feature of the period - it reflected    foster the publication of science in English
both the humanist notion of the individual,   and to encourage the development of .a
rational scientist who invents and discovers  suitable wri ting style. Many members of
through private intellectual labour, and the  the Royal Society also published
growing connection between original           monographs in English . One of the first
science and commercial exploitation . There   was by Robert Hooke, the society's first
was something of a social distinction         curator of experiments, who described his
between 'scholars and gentlemen' who          experiments with microscopes in
understood Latin , and men of trade who
lacked a classical education. And in the      Micrographia (1665). This work is largely
mid-17th century it was common practice
for mathematicians to keep their              narrative in style, based on a transcript of
discoveries and proofs secret, by writing     oral demonstrati ons and lectures.
them in cipher, in obscure languages, or in
private messages deposited in a sealed        In 1665 a new scientific journal,
box with the Royal Society. Some scientists
might have felt more comfortable with Latin   Philosophical Transactions , was
precisely because its audience, though
international, was socially restricted.       inaugurated. Perhaps the first international
Doctors clung the most keenly to Latin as     Engl ish-language sc ientific journal, it
an 'insider language' .                       encouraged a new genre of scientific
                                              writing , that of short, focused accounts of
A third reason why the writing of original    particular experiments .
science in English was delayed may have
been to do with the linguistic inadequacy     The 17th century was thus a formative
of English in the early modern period .       period in the establishment of scientific
English was not well equipped to deal with    English. In the following cen tury much of
scientific argument. First, it lacked the     this momentum was lost as German
necessary technical vocabulary. Second, it    established itself as the leading European
lacked the grammatical resources required     language of science. it is estimated that by
to represent the world in an objective and    the end of the 18th century 40 l German
impersonal way, and to discuss the            scientific journals had been established as
relations, such as cause and effect, that     opposed to 96 in France and 50 in
might hold between complex and                England . However, in the 19th century
hypothetical entities .                       scientific English again enjoyed substantial
                                              lexical growth as the industrial revolution
                                              created the need for new technical
                                              vocabulary, and new, specialised,
                                              professional societies were instituted to
                                              promote and publi sh in the new disciplines.

                                              49
Test 2

Questions 28-34

Complete the summary.

Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.

Write your answers in boxes 28-34 on your answer sheet.

  In Europe, modern science emerged at the same time as the nation state. At first. the scientific

 language of choice remained 28 .. ....................... lt allowed scientists to communicate with

 other socially privi leged thinkers while protecting the1r work from unwanted exploitation.
 Sometimes the desire to protect ideas seems to have been stronger than the des1re to
 communicate them. particularly in the case of mathematicians and 29 .. .... ...... ......... ... .

 In Britain, moreover. scientists worried that English had neither the 30 ...................... .. nor the
 31 .............. .. .... .... to express the1r 1deas.Th1s situat1on only changed after 1660 when sc1entists
 assoc1ated w 1th the 32 .... .... .. .......... .... set about develop1ng Engl1sh. An early sc1entific JOUrnal

 fostered a new k1 nd of w nt1ng based on short descnptions of specific experiments.Although

 English was then overtaken by 33 ...... .. ........ ...... .. , it developed again in the 19th century as a
 d1rect result of the 34 .. .. .. .... .............. .

Questions 35-37

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 3?

In boxes 35-37 on your answer sheet, write

    TRUE         if the statement agrees with the information
    FALSE
    NOT GIVEN    if the statement contradicts the information
                 if there is no information on this

35 There was strong competition between scientists in Renaissance Europe.

36 The most important scientific development of the Renaissance period was the discovery
      of magnetism.

37 In 17th-century Britain, leading thinkers combined their interest in science with an
      interest in how to express ideas.

50
                                                                                  Reading

Questions 38-40

Complete the table.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 38-40 on your answer sheet.

          Science written in the flrst half of the 17th century

Language utJed    Latin                           Eng lish

Type of tJcience  Original                        38 .. ........ ........ ......

Example6          39 ........ ........... .. ...  Encyclopaedias

Target audience   International scholars          40 .. .. .................... , but socia lly wider

                                                                                  51
Test 2

                                   WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task .
             The charts below show the main reasons for study among students of
             different age groups and the amount of support they receivedfrom
             employers.

             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

                 Reasons for study according to age of student

        % 80     r-
            70
            60             F                                                     r-                0 For career
                                           ,..=;
           so                                                                            1---          For interest

             40                                                                       r-
            30
             20                                                                           r-
             10
                     ,___ 1= !:m                                                              r-
              0                                                     1---
                                                              ,___               t J 1---
                                                                                              r-
                                   30- 39                                                    .__,
                 under 26 26-29                                                  over 49
                                    Age                                   40-49

                           Employer support, by age group
                             (Time off and help with fees)

        % 70
            60

           so

             40
            30
             20
             10
              o¥=~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                 under 26  26- 29  30- 39                                 40-49  over 49

                                   Age

52
                                                                                                                 Writing

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             In some countries young people are encouraged to work or travelfor a
             year between finishing high school and starting university studies.
             Discuss the advantages and disadvantages for young people who decide to
             do this.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                                      53
Test 2

        SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Colour

• What's your favourite colour? [Why?]
• Do you like the same colours now as you did when you were younger? (Why/Why not?]
• What can you learn about a person from the colours they like?
• Do any colours have a special meaning in your culture?

PART 2                                     You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                           to two minutes.
  Describe a song or a piece of music you  You have one minute to think about what
  like.                                    you 're going to say.
                                           You can make some notes to help yo u if you
  You should say:                          wish.
     what the song or music is
     what kind of song or music it is
     where you first heard it

  and explain why you like it.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Music and young people

Example questions:
What kinds of music are popular with young people in your culture?
What do you think influences a young person's taste in music?
How has technology affected the kinds of music popular with young people?

Music and society

Example questions:
Tell me about any traditional music in your culture.
How important is it for a culture to have musical traditions?
Why do you think countries have national anthems or songs?

54
Test 3

                            LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-10

Complete the fo rm below.
Wr ite N O MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER fo r each ans wer.

Example  MINTONS CAR MART
Make:
               Customer Enquiry
                                 Answer

                                     Lid a

Engine size:                1 ... ..... .. .... ... ...... .
Model:
Type of gears:              Max
Preferred colour:
                            2 ... ... ..... ... .. .. ..... .
FINANCE                     3 .. ........... .... ... .... blue
Customer wishes to arrange
Part exchange?              4 .... ...... .. ....... .....

PERSONAL DETAILS            yes
Name:
Title:                      Wendy 5 .. .. ..... .. ... ..... .... .
Address:
                            6 ..... ... ... ...... .......
Postcode:
Contact number:             20, Green Banks

                            7 .. ... .................. .

                            Hampshire
                            GU8 9 EW

                            8 (for .. .... .... ..... ... ... ... only) 0798 257643
                                                                            55
Test 3          Conti

   CURRENT CAR  Name: 9 .. .. ... ................ .
                Year: 1994
   Make:
   Model:       maximum 70,000
                metallic grey
   Mileage:
   Colour:      10 ..... ........... ....... .
   Condition:

56
                                                                                                             Listening

SECTION 2 Questions 11-20
Questions 11 and 12

Choose TWO letters A-E.
What TWO advantages does the speaker say Rexford University has for the students he is
speaking to?

      A higher than average results in examinations
       B good transport links with central London
      C near London Airport
      D special government funding
      E good links with local industry

Questions 13-15

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN ONE WORD f or each answer.

   • When application is received, confirmation will be sent
   • Application processing may be slowed down by

                 postal problems
                delays in sending 13 .............. ........ ..
   • University tries to put international applicants in touch with a student from the
          same 14 .. .. .. .. ...... .. ... .... . who can give information and advice on
                 academic atmosphere
                 leisure facilities
               English 15 .. ...... .. ........ .. .... and food
                 what to pack

                                                                                                        57
Test 3

Questions 16-20

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C
16 The speaker says international students at UK universities will be

      A offered accommodation with local families.
      B given special help by their lecturers.
      C expected to work independently.
17 What does the speaker say about university accommodation on campus?
      A Most places are given to undergraduates.
      B No places are available for postgraduates with families.
      C A limited number of places are available for new postgraduates.
18 Students wishing to Jive ofT-campus should apply
      A several months in advance.
      B two or three weeks in advance.
      C at the beginning of term.
19 The university accommodation officer will
      A send a list of agents for students to contact.
      B contact accommodation agencies for students.
      C ensure that students have suitable accommodation.
20 With regard to their English, the speaker advises the students to
      A tell their lecturers if they have problems understanding.
      B have private English lessons when they arrive.
      C practise their spoken English before they arrive.

58
                                                                                    Listening

SECTION 3 Questions 21-30

Complete the form below.

Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

         ~ ·~             Feedback Form ,..., ..~. ''1'

Course:        Communlcaffon In Business                                                             -11,.'

Course code: CB762                                                                  .,

Dates:         From21 ........................ to22 ........................

Please give your comments on the following aspects of the course:

                          Good Points                              Suggestions for
                                                                   Improvement

Course organisation       • 23 .... .... .............. ..         • too much work in
Course delivery           • useful to have
Materials and equipment                                               25 ........... ... ......... .
Testing and evaluation       24 ........................
                                                                      of the course - could be
Other comments               at beginning of course                   more evenly balanced

                          • good26 .... ............... .. ...     • some 27 .................. .. ....

                          • good28 ..... .... ...... .. .......       sessions went on too
                                                                      long
                          • quick feedback
                                                                   • not enough copies of
                             from oral presentations
                                                                      key texts available
                          • marking criteria for
                                                                   • need more computers
                             oral presentations known
                             in advance                            • too much 29 .. ......................
                                                                   • can we know criteria for
                          • excellent 30 ........................
                                                                      marking final exams?

                                                                                    59
Test 3

SECTION 4 Questions 31-40
Questions 31-35

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.
HOUSEHOLD WASTE RECYCLING
31 By 2008, carbon dioxide emissions need to be ........................ lower than in 1990.
32 Recycling saves energy and reduces emissions from landfill sites and ........................ .
33 People say that one problem is a lack of '........................' sites for household waste.

      At the 'bring banks', household waste is sorted and unsuitable items removed.
34 Glass designed to be utilised for ........................ cannot be recycled with other types of

      glass.
35 In the UK, ........................ tons of glass is recycled each year.

60
                                                                                 Listening

Questions 36-40

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THA N TWO WORDS fo r each answer.

          Companies working with recycled materials

Material  Company          Product that the company
                           manufactures

glass     CLF Aggregates   material used for making

                           36 .... .. ... ... .. ...... .. ..

paper     Martin's         office stationery

          Papersave        37 ....... ......... ...... .. for use on farms

plastic   Pacrite          38 .... ... .... ...... ....... for collecting waste

          Waterford        39 ....... .. ..... ... .......

          Johnson & Jones  40 .... .. .... ... ... ..... ...

                                                                                 61
Test 3

        READING

READING PASSAGE I

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1
belo w.

        Early Childhood Education

        New Zealand's National Party spokesman on education, Dr Lockwood Smith,
        recently visited the US and Britain . Here he reports on the findings of his trip

                and what they could mean for New Zealand's education policy

A                                                     do less well in our education system . That's
'Education To Be More' was published last             observed not just in New Zealand, but also in
August. lt was the report of the New Zealand          Australia , Britain and America. In on attempt to
Government's Early Childhood Core and                 overcome that educational under-achievement, a
Education Working Group. The report argued for        nationwide programme called 'Headstort' was
enhanced equity of access and better funding          launched in the United States in 1965. A lot of
for childcare and early childhood education           money was poured into it. lt took children into
institutions. Unquestionably, that's a real need;     pre-school institutions at the age of three and
but since parents don't normally send children to     was supposed to help the children of poorer
pre-schools until the age of three, ore we missing    families succeed in school.
out on the most important years of all?
                                                          Despite substantial funding, results have been
B                                                     disappointing . lt is thought that there are two
                                                      explanations for this. First, the programme began
A 13-yeor study of early childhood development        too late. Many children who entered it at the
at Horvard University has shown that, by the age      age of three were already behind their peers in
of three, most children have the potential to         language and measurable intelligence. Second,
understand about 1000 words - most of the             the parents were not involved. At the end of each
language they will use in ordinary conversation       day, 'Headstart' children returned to the same
for the rest of their lives.                          disadvantaged home environment.

   Furthermore, research has shown that while         D
every child is born with a natural curiosity, it can
be suppressed dramatically during the second          As a result of the growing research evidence
and third years of life. Researchers claim that the   of the importance of the first three years of a
human personality is formed during the first two      child's life and the disappointing results from
years of life, and during the first three years       'Headstart' , a pilot programme was launched in
children learn the basic skills they will use in all  Missouri in the US that focused on parents os the
their later learning both at home and at school.      child's Rrst teachers. The 'Missouri' programme
Once over the age of three, children continue to      was predicated on research showing that
expand on existing knowledge of the world .           working with the family, rather than bypassing
                                                      the parents, is the most effective way of helping
c                                                     children get off to the best possible start in life.
                                                      The four-year pilot study included 380 families
lt is generally acknowledged that young people        who were about to have their first child and who
from poorer socio-economic backgrounds tend to

62
                                                      Reading

represented a cross-section of socio-economic         further along in social development. In fact, the
status, age and family configurations. They           average child on the programme was performing
included single-parent and two-parent families,       at the level of the top 15 to 20 per cent of their
families in which both parents worked, and            peers in such things as auditory comprehension,
families with either the mother or father at home.    verbal ability and language ability.

   The programme involved trained parent-                Most important of all, the traditional measures
educators visiting the parents' home and working      of 'risk', such as parents' age and education, or
with the parent, or parents, and the child .          whether they were a single parent, bore little or
Information on child development, and guidance        no relationship to the measures of achievement
on things to look for and expect as the child         and language development. Children in the
grows were provided, plus guidance in fostering       programme performed equally well regardless of
the child's intellectual, language, social and        socio-economic disadvantages. Child abuse was
motor-skill development. Periodic check-ups of        virtually eliminated. The one factor that was
the child's educational and sensory development       found to affect the child's development was
(hearing and vision) were made to detect
possible handicaps that interfere with growth and     family stress leading to a poor quality of
development. Medical problems were referred to
professionals.                                        parent-child interaction. That interaction was not
                                                      necessarily bad in poorer families.
    Parent-educators made personal visits to
homes and monthly group meetings were held            F
with other new parents to share experience and
discuss topics of interest. Parent resource centres,  These research findings are exciting . There is
located in school buildings, offered learning         growing evidence in New Zealand that children
materials for families and facilitators for child     from poorer socio-economic backgrounds are
care.                                                 arriving at school less well developed and that
                                                      our school system tends to perpetuate that
E                                                     disadvantage. The initiative outlined above could
                                                      break that cycle of disadvantage. The concept of
At the age of three, the children who had been        working with parents in their homes, or at their
involved in the 'Missouri' programme were             place of work, contrasts quite markedly with
evaluated alongside a cross-section of children       the report of the Early Childhood Care and
                                                      Education Working Group. Their focus is on
selected from the same range of socio-economic        getting children and mothers access to childcare
                                                      and institutionalised early childhood education.
backgrounds and family situations, and also a         Education from the age of three to five is
random sample of children that age. The results       undoubtedly vital, but without a similar focus on
were phenomenal. By the age of three, the             parent education and on the vital importance of
children in the programme were significantly          the first three years, some evidence indicates that
more advanced in language development than            it will not be enough to overcome educational
their peers, had made greater strides in problem      inequity.
solving and other intellectual skills, and were

                                                      63
Test 3

Questions 1-4

Reading Passage 1 has six sections, A-F.
Which paragraph contains the following information?
Write the correct letter A-Fin boxes 1-4 on your answer sheet.

 1 details of the range of family types involved in an education programme
 2 reasons why a child's early years are so important
 3 reasons why an education programme failed
 4 a description of the positive outcomes of an education programme

Questions 5-10

Classify the following features as characterising
      A the 'Headstart' programme
      B the 'Missouri' programme
      C both the 'Headstart' and the 'Missouri' programmes
      D neither the 'Headstart' nor the 'Missouri' programme

Write the correct letter A, B, CorD in boxes 5-10 on your answer sheet.
 5 was administered to a variety of poor and wealthy families
 6 continued with follow-up assistance in elementary schools
 7 did not succeed in its aim
 8 supplied many forms of support and training to parents
 9 received insufficient funding
10 was designed to improve pre-schoolers' educational development

64
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 11-13

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage I?

In boxes I 1-13 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE            if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN        if there is no information on this

11 Most 'Missouri' programme three-year-olds scored highly in areas such as listening,
      speaking, reasoning and interacting with others.

12 'Missouri' programme children of young, uneducated, single parents scored less highly
      on the tests.

13 The richer families in the 'Missouri' programme had higher stress levels.

                                                                                        65
Test 3

RE AD IN G PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26, which are based on Reading Passage 2
on the following pages.

Questions 14- 17

Reading Passage 2 has six paragraphs, A-F.

Choose the correct heading fo r paragraphs Band D-Ffrom the list of headings below.
Write the correct number i- viii in boxes 14- 17 on your answer sheet.

                                                   List of Headings
                                  Effects of irrigation on sedimentation
                           ii The dan ger of flooding the Cairo area
                           iii Causing pollution in the Mediterranean
                          iv Interrupting a natural process
                           v The threat to food production
                          vi Less valuable sediment than before
                           vii Egypt's disappearing coastline
                           viii Looking at the long-term impact

    Example  Paragraph A  Answer  vii
        14   Paragraph B
             Paragraph C  Answer  vi
    Example  Paragraph D
       15    Paragraph E
        16   Paragraph F
       17

66
                                                                                   Reading

Disappearing Delta

A The fertile land of the Nile delta is being        of the Smithsonian Institute noticed that water
                                                     samples taken in Cairo, just before the river
eroded along Egypt's Mediterranean coast at          enters the delta , indicated that the river
an astounding rate, in some parts estimated at       sometimes carries more than 850 grams of
100 metres per year. In the past, land scoured       sediment per cubic metre of water- almost half
away from the coastline by the currents of the       of what it carried before the dams were built.
Mediterranean Sea used to be replaced by             'I' m ashamed to say that the significance of this
sediment brought down to the delta by the River      didn' t strike me until after I had read 50 or
Nile, but this is no longer happening .              60 studies, ' says Stanley in Marine Geology.
                                                     'There is still a lot of sediment coming into the
B Up to now, people have blamed this loss of         delta, but virtually no sediment comes out into
delta land on the two large dams at Aswan in the     the Mediterranean to replenish the coastline.
south of Egypt, which hold back virtually all of     So this sediment must be trapped on the delta
the sediment that used to flow down the river.       itself.'
Before the dams were built, the Nile flowed
freely, carrying huge quantities of sediment north   D Once north of Cairo, most of the Nile water
from Africa's interior to be deposited on the Nile
delta . This continued for 7,000 years, eventually   is diverted into more than 10,000 kilometres of
covering a region of over 22,000 square              irrigation canals and on ly a small proportion
kilometres with layers of fertile silt. Annual       reaches the sea directly through the rivers in the
flooding brought in new, nutrient-rich soil to the   delta . The water in the irrigation canals is still
delta region, replacing what had been washed         or very slow-moving and thus cannot carry
away by the sea, and dispensing with the need        sediment, Stanley explains. The sediment sinks to
for fertilizers in Egypt's richest food-growing      the bottom of the canals and then is added to
area . But when the Aswan dams were                  fields by farmers or pumped with the water
constructed in the 20th century to provide           into the four large freshwater lagoons that are
electricity and irrigation, and to protect the huge  located near the outer edges of the delta. So very
population centre of Cairo and its surrounding       little of it actually reaches the coastl ine to replace
areas from annual flooding and drought, most         what is being washed away by the
of the sediment with its natural fertilizer          Mediterranean currents.
accumulated up above the dam in the southern,
upstream half of Lake Nasser, instead of passing     E The farms on the delta plains and fishing and
down to the delta .                                  aquaculture in the lagoons account for much of
                                                     Egypt's food supply. But by the time the sediment
C Now, however, there turns out to be more to        has come to rest in the fields and lagoons it is
the story. it appears that the sediment-free water   laden with municipal, industrial and agricultural
emerging from the Aswan dams picks up silt and       waste from the Cairo region , which is home to
sand as it erodes the river bed and banks on the     more than 40 million people. 'Pollutants are
800-kilometre trip to Cairo. Daniel Jean Stanley     building up faster and faster,' says Stanley.

                                                                                                             67
Test 3

                         N

                                                     Aswan Low Dam
                                                     Aswan Hig h Dam

Based on his investigations of sediment from         F According to Siegel, international
the delta lagoons, frederic Siegel of George         environmental organisations are beginning to
Washington University concurs. 'In Manzalah          pay closer attention to the region, partly because
Lagoon, for example, the increase in mercury,
lead, copper and zinc coincided with                 of the problems of erosion and pollution of the
the building of the High Dam at Aswan, the
availability of cheap electricity, and the           Nile delta, but principally because they fear the
development of major power-based industries,'        impact this situation could have on the whole
he says. Since that time the concentration of        Mediterranean coastal ecosystem . But there
mercury has increased significantly. Lead from       are no easy solutions . In the immediate future,
engines that use leaded fuels and from other         Stanley believes that one solution would be to
industrial sources has also increased                make artificial floods to flush out the delta
dramatically. These poisons can easily enter the     waterways, in the same way that natural floods
food chain , affecting the productivity of fishing   did before the construction of the dams. He says,
and farming . Another problem is that agricultural   however, that in the long term an alternative
wastes include fertilizers which stimulate           process such as desalination may have to be
increases in plant growth in the lagoons and         used to increase the amount of water available.
upset the ecology of the area, with serious effects  'In my view, Egypt must devise a way to have
on the fishing industry.                             more water running through the river and the
                                                     delta,' says Stanley. Easier said than done in a
                                                     desert region with a rapidly growing population .

68
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 18-23

Do the following statements reflect the claims of the writer in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 18-23 on your answer sheet, write

YES              if the statement reflects the claims of the writer
                 if the statement contradicts the claims of the writer
NO               if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this
NOT GIVEN

18 Coastal erosion occurred along Egypt's Mediterranean coast before the building of the
      Aswan dams.

19 Some people predicted that the Aswan dams would cause land loss before they were
      built.

20 The Aswan dams were built to increase the fertility of the Nile delta.

21 Stanley found that the levels of sediment in the river water in Cairo were relatively high.
22 Sediment in the irrigation canals on the Nile delta causes flooding.
23 Water is pumped from the irrigation canals into the lagoons.

                                                                                    69
Test 3

Questions 24-26

Complete the summary of paragraphs E and F with the list of words A-H below.
Write the correct letter A-H in boxes 24-26 on your answer sheet.

   In addition to the problem of coastal erosion, there has been a marked increase in the level
   of 24 ..... ........... ..... .. . contained in the silt deposited in the Nile delta. To deal with this,
   Stanley suggests the use of 25 .................... .... in the short term, and increasing the
   amount of water available through 26 ........................ in the longer term.

    A artificial floods  B desalination  C delta waterways     D natural floods
    E nutrients          F pollutants    G population control  H sediment

70
                                                                                                                Reading

READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40. which are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

            The Return of Artificial Intelligence

                 lt is becoming acceptable again to talk of computers performing
                   human tasks such as problem-solving and pattern-recognition

A After years in the wilderness, the term 'artificial intelligence' (AI)
seems poised to make a comeback. AI was big in the 1980s but
vanished in the 1990s. lt re-entered public consciousness with the
release of AI, a movie about a robot boy. This has ignited public
debate about AI, but the term is also being used once more within
the computer industry. Researche rs, executives and marketing
people are now using the express ion w ithout irony o r inverted
commas. And it is not always hype. The term is being appl ied, with
some justification, to products that depend on technology that was
originally developed by AI researchers. Admittedly, the
rehabilitation of the term has a long way to go, and some firms still
prefer to avoid using it . But the fact that others are starting to use
it again suggests that AI has moved on from be ing seen as an over-
ambitious and under-ach ieving field of research .

B The field was launched, and the term 'artificial intelligence' coined, at a conference in 1956 by
a group of researchers that Included Marvin Minsky, John McCarthy, Herbert Simon and Alan
Newell, all of whom went on to become leading figures in the field. The expression provided an
attractive but informative name for a research programme that encompassed such previously
disparate fields as operations research, cybernetics, logic and computer science. The goal they
shared was an attempt to capture or mimic human abilities using machines. That said, different
groups of researchers attacked different problems, from speech recognition to chess playing, in
different ways; AI unified the field in name only. But it was a term that captured the public
imagination .

C Most researchers agree that AI peaked around 1985. A public reared on science-fiction
movies and excited by the growing power of computers had high expectations. For years,
AI researchers had implied that a breakthrough was just around the corner. Marvin Minsky said
in 1967 that within a generation the problem of creating 'artificial intelligence' would be
substantially solved. Prototypes of medical-diagnosis programs and speech recognition software
appeared to be making progress. lt proved to be a false dawn. Thinking computers and

                                                                                                                     71
Test 3

household robots failed to materialise, and a backlash ensued. 'There was undue optimism in the
early 1980s,' says David Leake, a researcher at Indiana University. 'Then when people realised
these were hard problems, there was retrenchment. By the late 1980s, the term AI was being
avoided by many researchers, who opted instead to align themselves with specific sub-disciplines
such as neural networks, agent technology. case-based reasoning, and so on.'

D Ironically, in some ways AI was a victim of its own success. Whenever an apparently mundane
problem was solved, such as building a system that could land an aircraft unattended, the
problem was deemed not to have been AI in the first place. 'If it works, it can't be AI,' as
Dr Leake characterises it. The effect of repeatedly moving the goal-posts in this way was that
AI came to refer to 'blue-sky' research that was still years away from commercialisation.
Researchers joked that AI stood for 'almost implemented'. Meanwhile, the technologies that
made it onto the market, such as speech recognition, language translation and decision-support
software, were no longer regarded as Al. Yet all three once fell well within the umbrella of
AI research.

E But the tide may now be turning, according to Dr Leake. HNC Software of San Diego, backed
by a government agency, reckon that their new approach to artificial intelligence is the most
powerful and promising approach ever discovered. HNC claim that their system, based on a
cluster of 30 processors, could be used to spot camouflaged vehicles on a battlefield or extract
a voice signal from a noisy background - tasks humans can do well, but computers cannot.
'Whether or not their technology lives up to the claims made for it, the fact that HNC are
emphasising the use of AI is itself an interesting development,' says Dr Leake.

F Another factor that may boost the prospects for AI in the near futu.re is that investors are
now looking for firms using clever technology, rather than just a clever business model, to
differentiate themselves. In particular, the problem of information overload, exacerbated by the
growth of e-mail and the explosion in the number of web pages, means there are plenty of
opportunities for new technologies to help filter and categorise information - classic AI
problems. That may mean that more artificial intelligence companies will start to emerge to
meet this challenge.

G The 1969 film, 200 I:A Space Odyssey, featured a~ intelligent computer called HAL 9000. As
well as understanding and speaking English, HAL could play chess and even learned to lipread.
HAL thus encapsulated the optimism of the 1960s that intelligent computers would be
widespread by 200 I. But 200 I has been and gone, and there is still no sign of a HAL-Iike
~omputer. Individual systems can play chess or transcribe speech, but a general theory of
machine intelligence still remains elusive. lt may be, however, that the comparison with HAL no
longer seems quite so important, and AI can now be judged by what it can do, rather than by
how well it matches up to a 30-year-old science-fiction film . 'People are beginning to realise that
there are impressive things that these systems can do,' says Dr Leake hopefully.

72
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 27-31

Reading Passage 3 has seven paragraphs. A-G

Which paragraph contains the following information?

Write the correct letter A-Gin boxes 27- 31 on your answer sheet.

NB You may use any letter more than once.

27 how AI might have a military impact
28 the fact that AI brings together a range of separate research areas
29 the reason why AI has become a common topic of conversation again
30 how AI could help deal with difficulties related to the amount of information available

   . electronically

31 where the expression AI was first used

Questions 32-37

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 3?

In boxes 32- 37 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
                 if the statement contradicts the information
FALSE            if there is no information about this

NOT GIVEN

32 The researchers who launched the field of AI had worked together on other projects in
      the past.

33 In 1985, AI was at its lowest point.
34 Research into agent technology was more costly than research into neural networks.
35 Applications of AI have already had a degree of success.
36 The problems waiting to be solved by AI have not changed since 1967.
37 The film 2001: A Space Odyssey reflected contemporary ideas about the potential of AI

      computers.

                                                                                    73
Test3

Questions 38-40

Choose the correct letter A. B. Cor D.
 Write your answers in boxes 38-40 on your answer sheet.
38 According to researchers., in the late 1980s there was a feeling that

       A a general theory of AI would never be developed.
      8 original expectations of AI may not have been justified.
      C a wide range of applications was close to fruition.
       D more powerful computers were the key to further progress.
39 In Dr Leake's opinion, the reputation of AI suffered as a result of
      A changing perceptions.
      B premature implementation.
      C poorly planned projects.
      D commercial pressures.
40 The prospects for AI may benefit from
      A existing AI applications.
      8 new business models.
      C orders from intemet-only companies.
      D new investment priorities.

74
                                                                                      Writing

                    WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task .

             The map below is of the town of Gar/sdon. A new supermarket ( S) is
             planned for the town. The map shows two possible sites for the
             supermarket.
             Summarise the information hy selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevaflf.

Write at leas t 150 words.

                 GARLSDON         :\  D Countryside

               Population 65,000  f   D Town Centre

    12 km to Hindon                           (no traffic zone)
   population I0.000
                                      D Housing
''
                                              Industry

                                      • Railway

                                      -- Main roads

16 k.m to Bransdon                                               \
population 15.000                                               I
                                                                I

                                  25 km to Cransdon
                                  population 29.000

                                                                                75
Test 3

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Some people think that a sense of competition in children should be
             encouraged. Others believe that children who are taught to co-operate
             rather than compete become more useful adults.
             Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or expenence.
Write at least 250 words.

76
                                        Speaking

S~EAKING

PART I

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Entertainment

• Do you prefer relaxing at home or going out in the evening? [Why?]
• When you go out for an evening, what do you like to do?
• How popular is this with other people in your country?
• Is there any kind of entertainment you do not like? [Why/Why not?]

PART 2                                  You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                        to two minutes.
 Describe one of your friends.          You have one minute to think about what
                                        you 're going to say.
 You should say:                        You can make some notes to help you if you
    how you met                         wish.
    how long you have known each other
    how you spend time together

 and explain why you like this person.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Qualities of friends

Example questions:
What do you think are the most important qualities for friends to have?
Which are more important to people, their family or their friends? Why?
What do you think causes friendships to break up?

Other relationships

Example questions:
What other types of relationship, apart from friends or family, are important in people's lives
today?
Have relationships with neighbours where you -live changed in recent years? How?
How important do you think it is for a person to spend some time alone? Why/Why not?

                                        77
Test 4

             LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-10

Complete the f orm below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR NUMBERS f or each answer.

                                          HOST FAMILY APPLICANT

    Example  Answer
    Name:    Janny Chan

    Present address: Sea View Guest House, 1 .. ...... .. ... ... ...... ..
    Daytime phone number: 2237676

          {NB Best time to contact is 2 ........................ 1

    Age: 19
    Intended length of stay: 3 .... .... ......... ... .. ..
    Occupation while in UK: student
    General level of English: 4 ...... .. .......... .. .. ..
    Preferred location: in the 5 .... ................ .. ..
    Special diet: 6 .... ...... ...... ..... ...
    Other requ irements: own facilities

                                     own television

                                7 ......... ...... .. ..... ..
                                to be 8 .. ........ ... ........ ...
    Maximum price: 9 £ ................ ........ a week

    Preferred starting date: 10 .... ... ....... .. ...... ..

78
                                                                           Listening

SECTION 2        Questions 11- 20
Questions 11-13

Complete the sentences below.

Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

11 The next meeting of the soccer club will be in the .... ... ......... .. .. .. .. in King's Park on 2
      July.

12 The firs t event is a ...... ... ...... ... .... .. .

13 At the fin al dinner, players receive ..... .. ... ... .. ........ . .

Questions 14-17

Complete the table below.

Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

Competition Number of Teams Games Begin                                    Training Session
                                                                           (in King's Park)
Junior           14 .. ... ..... .......... ... . 8 .30 am
                                                                           15 .. ................. .. ...
Sen ior          16 ...... ... .......... .. .. . 2.00 pm
                                                                              ·· ···· ··· ··· ·········· ··

                                                                           17 ................. .. .....

                                                                              ·········· ······ ········

                                                                                                             79
Test 4

Questions 18-20

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer

        Name of Office Bearer     Responsibility
        Robert Young: President   to manage meetings
        Gina Costello: Treasurer
        David West: Secretary     to 18 ....... .. ............ ...
        Jason Dokic: Head Coach   to 19 ... .... .... .... .... .. .. .
                                  to 20 ... .................... .

80
                                                                          Listening

SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-24

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.

Box Telecom                 • drop in 21 ........................
Problems: been affected by  • growing 22 .. ..................... .
                            • delays due to a strike
Causes of problems:         • high 23 ....................... .
                            • lack of good 24 .. ................... ...

Questions 25-27

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

25 What does Karin think the company will do?
      A look for private investors
      B accept a takeover offer
      C issue some new shares

26 How does the tutor suggest the company can recover?
      A by appointing a new managing director
      B by changing the way it is organised
      C by closing some of its retail outlets

27 The tutor wants Jason and Karin to produce a report which
      A offers solutions to Box Telecom's problems.
      B analyses the UK market.
      C compares different companies.

                                                                          81
Test 4

Questions 28-30

Which opinion does each person express about Box Telecom?
Choose your answers from the box and write the letters A-F next to questions 28-30.

              A its workers are motivated
              B it has too little investment
              C it will overcome its problems
              D its marketing campaign needs improvement
              E it is old-fashioned
               F it has strong managers
28 Karin
29 Jason
30 the tutor

82
                                                                 Listening

S E CTION 4 Questions 31-40

Questions 31-36

Choose the correct letter. A, B or C.

31 During the first week of term, students are invited to
      A be shown round the library by the librarian.
      B listen to descriptions of library resources.
      C do an intensive course in the computer centre.

32 The speaker warns the students that
      A internet materials can be unreliable.
      B downloaded information must be acknowledged.
      C computer access may be limited at times.

33 The library is acquiring more COs as a resource because
      A they are a cheap source of information.
      B they take up very little space.
      C they are more up to date than the reference books.

34 Students are encouraged to use journals online because
      A the articles do not need to be returned to the shelves.
      B reading online is cheaper than photocopying articles.
      C the stock of printed articles is to be reduced.

35 Why might some students continue to use reference books?
      A they can be taken away from the library
      B they provide information unavailable elsewhere
      C they can be borrowed for an extended loan period

36 What is the responsibility of the Training Supervisor?
     . A to supervise and support library staff
      B to provide orientation to the library facilities
      C to identify needs and inform section managers

                                                                 83
Test4

Questions 37-40

Which section of the university will help postgraduate students with their dissertations in the
following ways?

  A the postgraduate's own department or tutor
   8 library staff
   C another section of the university

Write the correct letter. A, B or C. next to questions 37-40.

37 training in specialised computer programs
38 advising on bibliography presentation
39 checking the draft of the dissertation
40 providing language support

84
                                                                     Reading

             READING

READING PASSAGE I

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1
on the following pages.

Questions 1-3

Reading Passage 1 has three sections, A-C.
Choose the correct heading for each section from the list of headings below.
Write the correct number i-vi in boxes 1- 3 on your answer sheet.

                                   List of Headings

                   The expansion of international tourism in recent
                   years
             ii How local communities can balance their own
                   needs with the demands of wilderness tourism
             iii Fragile regions and the reasons for the expansion
                   of tourism there

             iv Traditional methods of food-supply in fragile
                   regions

             v Some of the disruptive effects of wilderness
                   tourism

             vi The economic benefits of mass tourism

1 Section A
2 Section B
3 Section C

                                                                     85
Test 4

A

The market for tourism in remote areas is booming as never before. Countries all
across the world are actively promoting their 'wilderness' regions - such as
mountains, Arctic lands, deserts, small islands and wetlands - to high-spending
tourists. The attraction of these areas is obvious: by definition, wilderness tourism
requires little or no initial investment. But that does not mean that there is no cost.
As the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development
recognized, these regions are fragile (i.e. highly vulnerable to abnormal pressures)
not just in terms of their ecology, but also in terms of the culture of their inhabitants.
The three most significant types of fragile environment in these respects, and also in
terms of the proportion of the Earth ·s surface they cover, are deserts, mountains and
Arctic areas. An important characteristic is their marked seasonality, with harsh
conditions prevailing for many months each year. Consequently, most human
activities, including tourism, are limited to quite clearly defined parts of the year.

   Tourists are drawn to these regions by their natural landscape beauty and the
unique cultures of their indigenous people. And poor governments in these
isolated areas have welcomed the new breed of 'adventure tourist', grateful for
the hard currency they bring. For several years now, tourism has been the prime
source of foreign exchange in Nepal and Bhutan. Tourism is also a key element in
the economies of Arctic zones such as Lapland and Alaska and in desert areas
such as Ayers Rock in Australia and Arizona's Monument Valley.

8
Once a location is established as a main tourist destination , the effects on the local
community are profound. When hill-farmers, for example, can make more money
in a few weeks working as porters for foreign trekkers than they can in a year
working in their fields, it is not surprising that many of them give up their
farm-work, which is thus left to other members of the family. In some hill-regions,
this has led to a serious decline in farm output and a change in the local diet,
because there is insufficient labour to maintain terraces and irrigation systems and
tend to crops. The result has been that many people in these regions have turned
to outside supplies of rice and other foods.

   In Arctic and desert societies, year-round survival has traditionally depended on
hunting animals and fish and collecting fruit over a relatively short season.
However, as some inhabitants become involved in tourism, they no longer have
time to collect wild food ; this has led to increasing dependence on bought food
and stores. Tourism is not always the culprit behind such changes. All kinds of
wage labour, or government handouts, tend to undermine traditional survival

86
                                                                                                          Reading

systems. Whatever the cause, the dilemma is always the same: what happens if
thesenew, external sources of income dry up?

   The physical impact of visitors is another serious problem associated with the
growth in adventure tourism. Much attention has focused on erosion along major
trails, but perhaps more important are the deforestation and impacts on water
supplies arising from the need to provide tourists with cooked food and hot showers.
In both mountains and deserts, slow-growing trees are often the main sources of fuel
and water supplies may be limited or vulnerable to degradation through heavy use.

c

Stories about the problems of tourism have become legion in the last few years. Yet
it does not have to be a problem. Although tourism inevitably affects the region in
which it takes place, the costs to these fragile environments and their local cultures
can be minimized. Indeed, it can even be a vehicle for reinvigorating local cultures,
as has happened with the Sherpas of Nepal's Khumbu Valley and in some Alpine
villages. And a growing number of adventure tourism operators are trying to ensure
that their activities benefit the focal population and environment over the long term.

    In the Swiss Alps, communities have decided that their future depends on
integrating tourism more effectively with the local economy. Local concern about
the rising number of second home developments in the Swiss Pays d'Enhaut
resulted in limits being imposed on their growth . There has also been a
renaissance in communal cheese production in the area, providing the locals with
a reliable source of income that does not depend on outside visitors.

   Many of the Arctic tourist destinations have been exploited by outside
companies, who employ transient workers and repatriate most of the profits to
their home base. But some Arctic communities are now operating tour businesses
themselves, thereby ensuring that the benefits accrue locally. For instance. a native
corporation in Alaska, employing local people, is running an air tour from
Anchorage to Kotzebue, where tourists eat Arctic food, walk on the tundra and
watch local musicians and dancers.

   Native people in the desert regions of the American Southwest have followed
similar strategies, encouraging tourists to visit their pueblos and reservations to
purchase high-quality handicrafts and artwork. The Acoma and San lldefonso
pueblos have established highly profitable pottery businesses, while the Navajo
and Hopi groups have been similarly successful with jewellery.

   Too many people living in fragile environments have lost control over their
economies, their culture and their environment when tourism has penetrated their
homelands. Merely restricting tourism cannot be the solution to the imbalance,
because people's desire to see new places will not just disappear. Instead,
communities in fragile environments must achieve greater control over tourism
ventures in their regions, in order to balance their needs and aspirations with the
demands of tourism. A growing number of communities are demonstrating that,
with firm communal decision-making, this is possible. The critical question now is
whether this can become the norm, rather than the exception.

                                                                                                           87
Test 4

Questions 4-9

Do the following statements reflect the opinion of the writer of Reading Passage l?

In boxes 4- 9 on your answer sheet, write

    YES         if the statement reflects the opinion of the writer

    NO          if the statement contradicts the opinion of the writer
    NOT GIVEN   if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

 4 The low financial cost of setting up wilderness tourism makes it attractive to many
      countries.

 5 Deserts, mountains and Arctic regions are examples of environments that are both
      ecologically and culturally fragile.

 6 Wilderness tourism operates throughout the year in fragile areas.

 7 The spread of tourism in certain hill-regions has resulted in a fall in the amount of
      food produced locally.

 8 Traditional food-gathering in desert societies was distributed evenly over the year.

 9 Government handouts do more damage than tourism does to traditional patterns of
      food-gathering.

Questions 10-13

Complete the table below.

Choose ONE WORD from Reading Passage 1for each answer.

Write your answers in boxes 10- 13 on your answer sheet.

        The positive ways In which some local communities have
                                   responded to tourism

People/Locadon                             Activity

Swiss Pays d'Enhaut                        Revived production of I 0 ... .. ....... ........ ....
Arctic communities
Acoma and San lldefonso                    Operate 11 ............. ...... ..... businesses
Navajo and Hopi                            Produce and sell 12 ··········· ·············

                                           Produce and sell 13 ..... ... ........ ........

88
                                                                                                                Reading

READING PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 m inutes on Questions 14-26, which are based on Reading Passage 2
be loll'.

  Flawed Beauty: the problem with toughened glass

On 2nd August 1999, a particularly hot day       •• Toughened glass is found everywhere, from
in th e town of Cirencester in the UK, a large
pane of toughened glass in the roof of a         • cars and bus shelters to the windows, walls
shopping centre at Bishops Walk shattered
                                                 •• and roofs of thousands of buildings around
                                                 •• the world. it's easy to see why. Th is glass

without warning and fell from its frame .        • has five times the strength of standard

When fragments were analysed by experts          • glass, and when it does brea k it sh atters
at the giant glass manufacturer Pilkington,
                                                 •• into tiny cubes rather th an large, razor-sharp

which had made the pane, they found that : shards . Architects love it because large

minute crystals of nickel sulphide trapped       •••  panels can be bolted toget her to make
inside the glass had almost certainly caused          transparent walls, and turning it into ceilings
                                                 •• and floors is almost as easy.
the failure.

'The glass industry is aware of the issue,'      •
says Brian Waldron, cha irman of the             •••  it is made by heating a sheet of ord inary
                                                      glass to about 620°C to soften it slightly,
                                                 •• allowing its structure to expand , and then
standards committee at the Glass and

Glazing Federation, a British trade              : cooling it rapidly with jets of cold air. This

association, and standards development           •• causes the outer layer of the pane to
officer at Pilkington. But he insists that
cases are few and far between. 'it 's a very     • contract and solidify before the interior.

                                                 •• When the interior finally solidifies and

rare phenomenon,· he says.                       : shrinks, it exerts a pull on the outer layer

Others disagree. 'On average I see about         •• that leaves it in permanent compression
one or two buildings a month suffering from
nickel sulphide related failures, ' says Barrie  • and produces a tensile force inside the
Josie , a consultant engineer involved in the
Bishops Walk investigation. Other experts        •• glass. As cracks propagate best in materials
tell of similar experiences. Tony Wilmott of
London-based consulting engineers                : under tension, the compressive force on the

                                                 •••  surface must be overcome before the pane
                                                      will break, making it more resistant to
                                                 ••• cracking.

Sandberg, and Simon Armstrong at CladTech        •••  The problem starts when glass contains
Associates in Hampshire both say they know            nickel sulphide impurities. Trace amounts of
of hundreds of cases. 'What you hear is only •• nickel and sulphur are usually present in the

the tip of the iceberg,' says Trevor Ford, a : raw materials used to make glass, and

glass expert at Resolve Engineering in           • nickel can also be introduced by fragments
                                                 •• of nickel alloys falling into the molten glass .
Brisbane , Queensland. He believes the
reason is simple: 'No-one wants bad press. ' •• As the glass is heated , these atoms react to

                                                                                                   89
Test4

form t iny crystals of nickel sulphide. Just a  : find. The picture is made more complicated
tenth of a gram of nickel in the furnace can
create up to 50,000 crystals.                   •••  by the fact that these crystals occur in
                                                     batches. So even if, on average, there is
These crystals can exist in two forms: a        •• only one inclusion in 7 tonnes of glass, if
dense form called the alpha phase, which is
stable at high temperatures, and a less         : you experience one nickel sulphide failure
dense form called the beta phase, which is
stable at room temperatures . The high          : in your building, that probably means
temperatures used in the toughening
process convert all the crystals to the         • you've got a problem in more than one

                                                •• pane. Josie says that in the last decade

                                                : he has worked on over 15 buildings with

                                                : the number of failures into double figures.

dense, compact alpha form. But the              : One of the worst examples of this is
subsequent cooling is so rapid that the         : Waterfront Place, which was completed in
crystals don't have time to change back to      • 1990. Over the following decade the 40-

the beta phase. This leaves unstable alpha      : storey Brisbane block suffered a rash of

crystals in the glass, primed like a coiled     : failures. Eighty panes of its toughened glass
spring, ready to revert to the beta phase       : shattered due to inclusions before experts
without warning.                                : were finally called in. John Barry, an expert

When this happens, the crystals expand by       • in nickel sulphide contamination at the
up to 4%. And if they are within the central ,  : University of Queensland, analysed every
tensile region of the pane, the stresses this   : glass pane in the building. Using a studio
unleashes can shatter the whole sheet. The      : camera, a photographer went up in a cradle
time that elapses before failure occurs is
unpredictable. lt could happen just months      • tp take photos of every pane. These were
after manufacture, or decades later,
although if the glass is heated - by            •• scanned under a modified microfiche reader
sunlight, for example- the process is
speeded up. Ironically, says Gratiam Dodd,      : for signs of nickel sulphide crystals. 'We
of consulting engineers Arup in London, the     : discovered at least another 120 panes with
oldest pane of toughened glass known to         • potentially dangerous inclusions which were
have failed due to nickel sulphide inclusions   : then replaced, ' says Barry. 'lt was a very
was in Pilkington's glass research building     : expensive and time-consuming process that
in Lathom , Lancashire. The pane was            : took around six months to complete. ·
27 years old.                                   • Though the project cost A$1.6 million (nearly
                                                : £700,000), the alternative- re-cladding the
Data showing the scale of the nickel            : entire building- would have cost ten times
sulphide problem is almost imposs ible to
                                                ••• as much.
                                                •••

90
                                                                            Reading

Questions 14-17

Look at the following people and the list of statements below.

Match each person with the correct statement.

Write the correct letter A-H in boxes 14-17 on your answer sheet.

14 Brian Waldron
15 Trevor Ford
16 Graham Dodd
17 John Barry

                                             List of Statements

          A suggests that publicity about nickel sulphide failure has been
                 suppressed

          B regularly sees cases of nickel sulphide failure
          C closely examined all the glass in one building
          D was involved with the construction of Bishops Walk
          E recommended the rebuilding of Waterfront Place
          F thinks the benefits of toughened glass are exaggerated
          G claims that nickel sulphide failure is very unusual
          H refers to the most extreme case of delayed failure

                                                                            91
Test 4

Questions 18-23

Complete the summary with the list of words A-P below.

Write your answers in boxes I8-23 on your answer sheet.

                                            Toughened Glass

   Toughened glass is favoured by architects because it is much stronger than ordinary
   glass, and the fragments are not as 18 ........................ when it breaks. However, it has

  one disadvantage: it ~an shatter 19 .. ..... ...... ............ This fault is a result of the

   manufacturing process . Ordinary glass is first heated, then cooled very
   20 ..... .. .... .. .... ... ... .. The outer layer 21 ..... .................. . before the inner layer, and the
   tension between the two layers w hich is created becauseof this makes the glass stronger.
   However, if the glass contains nickel sulphide impurities, crystals of nickel sulphide are
   formed. These are unstable, and can expand suddenly, particularly if the weather is
   22 .. .. ........... ........ . . If this happens, the pane of glass may break. The frequency with
   which such problems occur is 23 ..... ................... by glass experts . Furthermore, the
   crystals cannot be detected without sophisticated equipment.

    A numerous    B detected   C quickly
    D agreed      E warm       F sharp
    G expands     H slowly     I unexpectedly
    J removed     K contracts  L disputed
    M cold        N moved      0 small
    P calculated

92
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 24-26

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 24-26 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE            if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN        if there is no information on this

24 Little doubt was expressed about the reason for the Bishops Walk accident.

25 Toughened glass has the same appearance as ordinary glass.

26 There is plenty of documented evidence available about the incidence of nickel sulphide
      failure.

                                                                                    93
Test 4

READ ING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40, which are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

     •••• •••• • • ••••••••••• • • ••••••••••••••••
     The effects of light on plant and animal species
     • • • • • • • • • • ••• • • • • • • • • • • • • •••••••••••••

  Light is important to organisms for two different reasons. Firstly it is used as a cue for the
  timing of daily and seasonal rhythms in both plants and animals, and secondly it is used to
  assist growth in plants.

  Breeding in most organisms occurs during a part of the year only, and so a reliable cue is
  needed to trigger breeding behaviour. Day length is an excellent cue, because it provides a
  perfectly predictable pattern of change within the year. In the temperate zone in spring,
  temperatures fluctuate greatly from day to day, but day length inc reases steadily by a
  predictable amount. The seasonal impact of day length on physiological responses is called
  photoperiodism, and the amount of experimental evidence for this phenomenon is
  conside rable . For example, some species of birds' breeding can be induced eve n in.midwinter
  simply by increasing day length artificially (Wolfson 1964). Other examples of photoperiodism
  occur in plants. A short-day plant flowers when th e day is less than a certain critical length. A
  long-day plant flowers after a certain critical day length is exceeded. In both cases the critical
  day length differs from species to species. Plants which flower after a period of vegetative
 growth, regardless of photoperiod, are known as day-neutral plants.

  Breeding seasons in animals such as birds have evolved to occupy the part of the year in
  which offspring have the greatest chances of su rvival. Before the breeding season begins, food
  reserves must be built up to support the energy cost of reproduction, and to provide for
  young birds both when they are in the nest and after fledging. Thus many temperate-zone
  birds use the increasing day lengths in spring as a cue to begin the nesting cycle, because this
  is a point when adequate food resources will be assured.

  The adaptive significance of photoperiodism in plants is also clear. Short-day plants that
  flowe r in spring in the temperate zone are adapted to maximising seed ling growth during the
  growing season. Long-day plants are adapted for situations that require fertilizati on by insects,
  o r a long period of seed ripening. Short-day plants that fl ower in the autumn in the
  temperate zone are able to build up food reserves over the growing season and over winter
  as seeds. Day-neutral plants have an evolutionary advantage when the connection between
  the favourable period for reproduction and day length is much less certain. For example,
  desert annuals germinate, flower and seed whenever suitable rainfall occu rs, regardless of the
  day length.

94
                                                                                                                Reading

The breeding season of some plants can be delayed to extraordinary lengths. Bamboos are
perennial grasses that remain in a vegetative state for many years and then suddenly flower,
fruit and die (Evans 1976). Every bamboo of the species Chusquea abietifolia on the island
of Jamaica flowered, seneed and died during 1884. The next generation of bamboo flowered
and died between 1916 and 1918, which suggests a vegetative cycle of about 31 years. The
climatic trigger for this flowering cycle is not yet known, but the adaptive significance is clear.
The simultaneous production of masses of bamboo seeds (in some cases lying 12 to I5
centimetres deep on the ground) is more than all the seed-eating animals can cope with at
the time, so that some seeds escape being eaten and grow up to form the next generation
(Evans 1976).
The second reason light is important to organisms is that it is essential for photosynthesis. This
is the process by which plants use energy from the sun to convert carbon from soil or water
into organic material for growth. The rate of photosynthesis in a plant can be measured by
calculating the rate of its uptake of carbon. There is a wide range of photosynthetic
responses of plants to variations in light intensity. Some plants reach maximal photosynthesis
at one-quarter full sunlight, and others, like sugarcane, never reach a maximum, but continue
to increase photosynthesis rate as light intensity rises.
Plants in general can be divided into two groups: shade-tolerant species and shade-intolerant
species. This classification is commonly used in forestry and horticulture. Shade-tolerant
plants have lower photosynthetic rates and hence have lower growth rates than those of
shade-intolerant species. Plant species become adapted to living in a certain kind of habitat,
and in the process evolve a series of characteristics that prevent them from occupying other
habitats. Grime ( 1966) suggests that light may be one of the major components directing
these adaptations. For example, eastern hemlock seedlings are shade-tolerant. They can
survive in the forest understorey under very low light levels because they have a low
photosynthetic rate.

                                                                                                                      95
Test4

Questions 27-33

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 3?

In boxes 27-33 on you1' answer sheet, write

    TRUE         if the statement agrees with the information
    FALSE        if the statement contradicts the information
    NOT GIVEN    if there is no information on this

27 There is plenty of scientific evidence to support photoperiodism.
28 Some types of bird can be encouraged to breed out of season.
29 Photoperiodism is restricted to certain geographic areas.
30 Desert annuals are examples of long-day plants.
31 Bamboos flower several times during their life cycle.
32 Scientists have yet to determine the cue for Chusquea abietifo/ia's seasonal rhythm.
33 Eastern hemlock is a fast-growing plant.

96
                                                                                                                Reading

Questions 34-40

Complete the sentences.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 34-40 on your answer sheet.
34 Day length is a useful cue for breeding in areas where .. ...................... are unpredictable.
35 Plants which do not respond to light levels are referred to as ........................ .

36 Birds in temperate climates associate longer days with nesting and the availability

      of ....... ... .............. .
37 Plants that flower when days are long often depend on ........................ to help them

      reproduce.
38 Desert annuals respond to ........................ as a signal for reproduction.
39 There is no limit to the photosynthetic rate in plants such as .. .. ................... . .
40 Tolerance to shade is one criterion for the ..... .. ... ........ ...... of plants in forestry and

      horticulture.

                                                                                                                        97
Test 4

                                        WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
             The table below gives information about the underground railway systems
             in six cities.
             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

                                  Underground Railway Systems

City    '-9.'", ;'l<"-" 're ~. '  'Date opened  Kilometre-s of route  Passetigen per year
                                        1863                              (in millions)
                 -                                        394
                                                                                775
                    ..

London

Paris                             1900           199                  1191

Tokyo                             1927           155                  1927

Washington DC                     1976           126                  144

Kyoto                             1981           11                   45

Los Angeles                       2001           28                   50

98
                                                                                                               Writing

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

            Research indicates that the characteristics we are born with have much
            more influence on our personality and development than any experiences
            we may have in our life.
            Which do you consider to be the major influence'!
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or expenence.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                      99
Test 4

        SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
fa miliar topics.

EXAMPLE

Clothes

• How important are clothes and fashion to you? [Why/Why not?]
• What kind of clothes do yo u dislike? [Why?]
• How different are the clothes yo u wear now from those you wore 10 years ago?
• What do you think the clothes we wear say about us?

PART 2                                        You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                              to two minutes.
 Describe a festival that is important in     You have one minute to think about what
  your country.                               yo u're going to say.
                                              You can make some notes to help you if
  You should say:                             you wish.
     when the festival occurs
     what you did during it
     what you like or dislike about it

 and explain why this festival is important.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Purpose of festivals and celebrations

Example questions:
Why do you think festivals a re important events in the working year?
Would yo u agree that the original significance of festivals is often lost today? Is it good or
bad. do you think?
Do yo u thin k that new festivals will be introduced in the future? What kind?

Festivals and the media

Example questions:
What role does the media play in festivals, do you think?
Do you think it's good or bad to watch festivals on TV? Why?
How may globalisation affect different festivals around the world?

100
General Training: Reading and Writing
Test A

                                        READING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-14

Read the information below and answer Questions 1- 7.

                                        MAIL ORDER BROCHURE                                :~

      -  ..          Want some great clothing ideas for your family!

Our key for clothing specials in July:

M for men        W for women            C for children

For under $10        - made of pure cotton for long wearing
Cotton socks C       - to keep young feet warm in winter
Woollen socks C      - to go with jeans and other casual clothes
Sports socks M       - to go with jeans and other casual clothes
Patterned belts W

For under $25        - for day and evening wear
Cotton shirts W      - five sizes, in designer colours, for that special social occasion
Silk shirts M        - hard-wearing, white with a variety of animal motifs
T-shirts C           - cotton and polyester blend, plain colours, no ironing
Colour T-shirts M W

For under $50        - non-shrink, colourfast, small sizes only
Blue jeans M W       - plain and patterned, all sizes
Silk shirts M W      - protects from the wind, 4 sizes, large strong pockets
Hooded jacket C      - waterproof with zipper front, all sizes
Jacket W

• Or you can buy a gift voucher so that someone else can choose . These come in $1 0, $20
     and $50 amounts.

Additional monthly specials for July to September

July                 - $1 0 voucher with any purchase over $60

August               -Travel alarm clock worth $19.95 free with purchases of $80 or more!

September            -Children's backpacks. Free with any credit card purchase over $75!

Note: Postage and packing charges
These are applied to each order as follows :

Within Australia:
$7.95 per address, regular post
$17.95 for Express Delivery Service (overnight)

Overseas:
Surface Mail (allow a minimum of two months for delivery)
Airmail {allow around two weeks delivery to most destinations)

                                                                                                                      101
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 1-7

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the text on the previous
page?

In boxes 1-7 on your answer sheet, write

     TRUE       if the statement agrees with the information

     FALSE      if the statement contradicts the information
                if there is no information on this
     NOT GIVEN

1 Women's cotton socks cost less than men's.
2 Men's silk shirts are available in more than five colours.
3 Children's T-shirts come in a variety of colours.
4 The child's jacket has four pockets.
5 If you buy clothes worth $80 in August, you will receive a free alarm clock.
6 The charge for special next-day delivery in Australia is $7.95.
7 All clothing is guaranteed to arrive within two months.

102
                                                                                                              Reading

Questions 8-14

The list of 'New Book Releases' on the following page has nine book descriptions A-1.
Choose the correct title for each book from the list of book titles below.
Write the correct number i-xi in boxes 8- 14 on your answer sheet.

IExample                             List of Book Titles        Answer
                   Field Guide to Native Birds of Australia
  Example  ii The Bush on Two Wheels: 100 Top Rides             vi      I
           iii Bush Foods of Australian Aborigines
           iv A Pictorial History of the Dinosaur in Australia  Answer
                                                                vii
           v Bushwalking in Australia

           vi World Geographica
           vil Driving Adventures for 4-wheel-drive Vehicles
           viii Survival Techniques in the Wild
           ix Encyclopaedia of Australian Wildlife

           x Guide to the Art of the Australian Desert

           xi Field Guide to Animals of the World

                                    8 Book A
                                     9 Book B
                                   10 Book C

                                           Book D

                                   11 Book E

                                 12 Book F

                                   13 BookG
                                   14 Book H

                                           Book I

                                                                        103
General Training: Reading and Writing

                    New Book Releases

  A This book describes the creativity of Aboriginal people living in the driest parts of
       Australia . Stun~ing reproductions of paintings, beautiful photography and

        informative text.

  B Pocket-sized maps and illustrations with detailed information on the nesting sites and

        migration patterns of Australia . This is a classic booklet suitable for both beginner
        and expert.
   C Packed full of information for the avid hiker, this book is a must. Photographs, maps
        and practical advice will guide your journeys on foot through the forests of the
        southern continent.

  D More than an atlas - this book contains maps, photographs and an abundance of

        information on the land and climate of countries from around the globe.
   E Australia's premier mountain biking guidebook - taking you through a host of

        national parks and state forests.
   F Here's the A-Z of Australian native an imals- take an in-depth look at their lives and

        characteristics, through fantastic photographs and informative text.
   G Graphic artists have worked with researchers and scientists to illustrate how these

        prehistoric animals lived and died on the Australian continent.

   H A definitive handbook on outdoor safety- with a specific focus on equipment,

        nutrition, first aid, special clothing and bush skills.

       Detailed guides to 15 scenic car tours that will take you onto fascinating wilderness

        tracks and along routes that you could otherwise have missed.

104
                                                                                                                R eading

SECTION 2 Questions 15-27

Read the advertisement below and answer Questions 15- 20.

r--------------------------------------,
                         WORK & TRAVEL USA
                          Do you want to have the best summer holiday ever? Have you just
                          graduated and want to escape for a unique experience abroad?

                                          Only$ I950 will make it all happen!

    This unbeatable program fee includes:
          return flight from Sydney to Los Angeles (onward travel in USA not included)
         3 months' insurance cover
          2 nights' accommodation on arrival plus meet and greet and airport transfer
         arrival orientation by experienced lnterExchange staff
         visa application fees

    You also have:

       access to a JI visa enabling you to work in the USA

         an extensive directory of employers
         lnterExchange support throughout the program
          24-hour emergency support throughout the length of the program

                                               Call toll-free 1800 678 738

    lnterfxchange has 50 years' experience in international student exchange programs. 18,000 students
    from around the world travel yearly to the USA on this very program. lnterfxchange can also offer you
    work opportunities in other countries.

     WHAT IS INTEREXCHANGE?

    lnterExchange, one of the world 's leading operators of international exchange programs and
    related services:

         is a non-profit. non-governmental organisation
         has 700 professional staff in 30 countries worldwide
         was founded in 1947
    lnterExchange operates these programs for students all around the world. lt offers you trained
    and travelled staff, plus full support during the application process. You can choose any job that
    interests you anywhere in the USA. whether that is working in a law firm in Boston, a famous ski
    resort in Colorado or serving coffee and doughnuts in the buzzing streets of New York. You can
    select the period you work and the period you travel; you may want to work for I month and
    travel for 3, or work the entire duration of your stay. The choice is yours.

    You CAN TAKE UP THIS OPPORTUNITY IF YOU ARE:
         a full-time student at an Australian university or TAFE college
          presently enrolled , or fin ish ing this year, or you have defe rred a year of study
         over 18 years old by November in the academic year in which you apply to lnterExchange
         enthusiastic about the experience of a lifetime . . .

                                             Sign up now!!

~--------------------------------------~

                                                                                                              105
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 15-20

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the advertisement on the
previous page?

In boxes 15- 20 on your answer sheet, write

     TRUE        if the statement agrees with the information
     FALSE
     NOT GIVEN   if the statement contradicts the information
                 if there is no information on this

15 The program cost includes internal flights within the USA.
16 Emergency assistance offered in the program includes legal advice.
17 InterExchange offers similar programs in countries other than the USA.
18 InterExchange is part of a government program.
19 There are no restrictions on the type of job you can do.
20 There is an upper age limit for applicants.

106
                                                                                                                                          Reading

Read the information below and answer Questions 21- 2 7.

• ••• NETSCAPE                                                                                                                            '     '
_., _,. _.,-.;{:;'':;· , -J~•_e,.;, ~~~••!..,,¥~··.~"""~''";";~.<-!.-. C.~. ~-ml!. '!~•ca'~.C?•r. J' :.:..I~I..~,~,-,(-~-·~·-:·· '.'
                                         ' '·· . '·.·     0'""'-<~"£:,_,,,,~~','~·~\~">.~,·,;;;-•;:.;_... " _.                        '      •• • •

                                                                                                                                      .<

CONTENTS: ARTHUR PHILLIP COLLEGE

A about Arthur Phillip College           G learning methods
8 entry requirements
                                         H course fees
c orientation for new students           I study commitment
                                         J assessment and results
D academic counselling service
E credit courses to university           K social activities and clubs
F assistance for international students
                                         L what's new

                                                                                                                                             107
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 21-27

Each of the short paragraphs below (21-27) gives information about Arthur Phillip College.

Read each paragraph and choose which of the linked sections of the website, A-L. would
contain this information.

Write the correct letter A-L in boxes 21-27 on your answer sheet.

21 All students receive a transcript of results and relevant award documentation when they
      end their studies with the College.

22 On enrolment, all students receive automatic membership to the Social Club and Public
      Speaking Club. Students may choose to participate in any arranged activities. The
      College encourages and promotes interaction between students and teaching and non-
      teaching staff.

23 Successful completion and the achievement of an A or B result in some courses will
      enable students to achieve advanced standing in these subjects if they proceed to
      university study. For a list of the courses acceptable to a particular university, e-mail us
      your request with the name of the university and the course you are interested in .

24 Arthur Phillip College is one of the top business colleges in Sydney, Australia. The
      College offers a wide range of educational and training programs in business and
      related areas. Its accredited vocational training courses are designed to meet the needs
      of individual students and industry.

25 At Arthur Phillip College you will learn from lectures, seminars, case studies, group
      projects, individual assignments and class workshops. Lectures and seminars present
      concepts and ideas and provide for question-and-answer sessions. Students are expected
      to take an active role in the learning process through class participation, presentations
      and projects.

26 Courses at Arthur Phillip College involve an average of 25 ·hours per week of tuition
      time, with supervised group study accounting for a further 5 hours per week. At least
      10 hours per week of individual study is also recommended for most courses.

27 During this program you will meet the Director of Studies, teachers and key
      administrative staff such as the Accommodation Officer and Student Counsellor so
      that, right from your first day, you will know how each of them can help you during
      your time at the College.

108
                                                    Reading

SECTION 3  Questions 28-40

Read the passage below and answer Questions 28-40.

           LACK OF SLEEP

Section A                                          William Regelson of Virginia University, a
lt is estimated that the average man or woman      specialist in insomnia. 'Because it can
needs between seven-and-a-half and eight           seriously undermine the functioning of the
hours' sleep a night. Some can manage on a         immune system, sufferers are vulnerable to
lot less. Baroness Thatcher, for example, was      infection.'
reported to be able to get by on four hours'
sleep a night when she was Prime Minister of       Section D
Britain. Or Jill Wilkinson, senior lecturer in     For many people, lack of sleep is rarely a
psychology at Surrey University and co-author      matter of choice. Some have problems getting
of 'Psychology in Counselling and Therapeutic      to sleep, others with staying asleep until the
Practice', states that healthy individuals         morning . Despite popular belief that sleep is
sleeping less than five hours or even as little    one long event, research shows that, in an
as two hours in every 24 hours are rare, but       average night, there are five stages of sleep
represent a sizeable minority.                     and four cycles, during which the sequence of
                                                   stages is repeated. In the first light phase, the
Section B                                          heart rate and blood pressure go down and
The latest beliefs are that the main purposes      the muscles relax. In the next two stages,
of sleep are to enable the body to rest and        sleep gets progressively deeper. In stage four,
replenish , allowing time for repairs to take      usually reached after an hour, the slumber is
place and for tissue to be regenerated . One       so deep that, if awoken , the sleeper would be
supporting piece of evidence for this rest-and-    confused and disorientated. lt is in this phase
repair theory is that production of the growth     that sleep-walking can occur, with an average
hormone somatotropin , which helps tissue to       episode lasting no more than 15 minutes. In
regenerate, peaks while we are asleep. Lack        the fifth stage, the rapid eye movement (REM)
of sleep, however, can compromise the              stage, the heartbeat quickly gets back to
immune system , muddle thinking, cause             normal levels, brain activity accelerates to
depression, promote anxiety and encourage          daytime heights and above and the eyes move
irritability.                                      constantly beneath closed lids as if the sleeper
                                                   is looking at something. During this stage, the
Section C                                          body is almost paralysed. This REM phase is
Researchers in San Diego deprived a group of       also the time when we dream.
men of sleep between 3am and 7am on just
one night, and found that levels of their bodies'  Section E
natural defences against viral infections had      Sleeping patterns change with age, which is
fallen significantly when measured the             why many people over 60 develop insomnia. In
following morning. 'Sleep is essential for our     America, that age group consumes almost half
physical and emotional well-being and there        the sleep medication on the market. One
are few aspects of daily living that are not       theory for the age-related change is that it is
disrupted by the lack of it' , says Professor      due to hormonal changes. The temperature

                                                                                                           109
General Training: Reading and Writing

rise occurs at daybreak in the young , but at      Section G
three or four in the morning in the elderly. Age   Professor Regelson advocates the use of
aside, it is estimated that roughly one in three   melatonin for treating sleep disorders.
people suffer some kind of sleep disturbance.      Melatonin is a naturally secreted hormone,
Causes can be anything from pregnancy and          located in the pineal gland deep inside the
stress to alcohol and heart disease. Smoking       brain. The main function of the hormone is to
is a known handicap to sleep, with one             control the body's biological clock, so we know
survey showing that ex-smokers got to sleep        when to sleep and when to wake. The gland
in 18 minutes rather than their earlier average    detects light reaching it through the eye; when
of 52 minutes.                                     there is no light, it secretes the melatonin into
                                                   the bloodstream, lowering the body
Section F                                          temperature and helping to induce sleep.
Apart from self-help therapy such as regular       Melatonin pills contain a synthetic version of
exercise, there are psychological treatments,      the hormone and are commonly used for jet
including relaxation training and therapy aimed    lag as well as for sleep disturbance. John
at getting rid of pre-sleep worries and            Nicholls, sales manager of one of America's
anxieties. There is also sleep reduction           largest health food shops, claims that sales of
therapy, where the aim is to improve sleep         the pill have increased dramatically. He
quality by strictly regulating the time people go  explains that it is sold in capsules, tablets,
to bed and when they get up. Medication is         lozenges and mixed with herbs. lt is not
regarded by many as a last resort and often        effective for all insomniacs, but many users
takes the form of sleeping pills, normally         have weaned themselves off sleeping tablets
benzodiazepines, which are minor                   as a result of its application.
tranquillisers .

110
                                                                                                            Reading

Questions 28-35

The passage on the previous pages has seven sections labelled A-G.
Which section contains the following information?
Write the correct letter A-Gin boxes 28- 35 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
28 the different amounts of sleep that people require
29 an investigation into the results of sleep deprivation
30 some reasons why people may suffer from sleep disorders
31 lifestyle changes which can help overcome sleep-related problems
32 a process by which sleep helps us to remain mentally and physically healthy
33 claims about a commercialised man-made product for sleeplessness
34 the role of physical changes in sleeping habits
35 the processes involved during sleep

                                                                                                                     Ill
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 36-40

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the passage?

In boxes 36-40 on your answer sheet, write

     TRUE        if the statement agrees with the information
     FALSE       if the statement contradicts the information
     NOT GIVEN   if there is no information on this

36 Sleep can cure some illnesses.
37 The various stages of sleep occur more than once a night.
38 Dreaming and sleep-walking occur at similar stages of sleep.
39 Sleepers move around a lot during the REM stage of sleep.
40 The body temperature rises relatively early in elderly people.

112
         Writing

WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

             Your 11eighbours have recently written to you to complain about the noise from your
             house/flat.
             Write a letter to your neighbours. In your letter
             • explain the reasons for the noise
             • apologise
             • describe what action you will take

Write at least 150 words.
You do NOT need to write any addresses.
Begin your letter as follows :

Dear ... ...... ....... ...... .. ,

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.'
Write about the following topic:

             Some people believe that children are given too much free time. They feel that this
             time should be used to do more school work.
             How do you think children should spend their free time?

Give reasons for your a~swer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

         113
General Training: Reading and Writing
Test B

                                           READING

SECTION l  Questions 1-14

Read the information below and answer Questions 1- 7.

WALK FOR CHARITY

     Dear Friend,

            Please join us for our annual Walk for Charity. Starting in Weldown, you and
     your friends can choose a delightful 10, 20 or 30 kilometre route.

            The money raised will provide support to help people all over the world .
     Start collecting your sponsors now and then simply come along on the day.
     Please read the instructions below carefully, especially if you require transport to
     and from Weldown.

            See you on Sunday 14 May,

     V Jessop

     Walk Co-ordinator

     P.S. Well done to last year's walkers for helping to raise a grand total of £21 ,000.
            The money has already been used to build a children 's playground.

114
                                                                                                            Reading

START TIMES:

30 km : 8- 10 am
20 km : 8- 10.30 am
l 0 km : 8 - 11 .30 am

The organisers reserve the right to refuse late-comers.
CLOTHING should be suitable for the weather. If rain is forecast, bring some
protection and be prepared for all eventualities. lt is better to wear shoes that have
been worn in, rather than ones that are new.
ROUTE MAPS will be available from the registration point. The route will be sign-
posted and marshalled. Where the route runs along the road, walkers should keep to
one side in single file, facing oncoming traffic at all times . If you need help along the
route, please inform one of the marshals.
Free car parking available in car parks and on streets in Weldown.
BUSES

For the 10 and 20 km routes, a bus will be waiting at Fenton to take walkers back to

Weldown . The bus will leave every half-hour starting at midday. The service is free and
there is no need to book.

                C£) Checkpoin t
                  - - !Okm wa lk
                  - - - - · 20 km walk
                  - - 30kmwalk

                                                                                                                     115
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 1-7

Look at the information on the previous page about a walk for charity.
Answer the questions below using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR
A NUMBERfrom the text for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 1-7 on your answer sheet.
1 What is the starting point for the 30 km walk?
2 What is the latest start time for the 20 km walk?
3 Regarding footwear, what are you warned against wearing?
4 What are the officials who help participants on the route called?
5 Where does the 20 km walk finish?
6 What is the frequency of the Fenton to Weldown bus?
7 Which walk does not pass through Lower Brene?

116
Questions 8-14

Read rhe information below and answer Questions 8- 14.

,  The Week's Best

A                                                       and she has succeeded in walking around the
                                                        world . Tonight she drinks coffee in a tent and
Wild Rose                                               te lls her story to Janet Street-Porter before she
(Tuesda y 79.00)                                        sets off for the Pyrenees mountains.
This TV drama is about a young private
detective employed by a te am of New York               E
busines sme n who send her to Brazil to look into       Rubicon 5
a series of hotel robberies . When she gets             (Thursday 20.30)
th e re , sh e di s covers that the hotel s, which are  This is a TV film being used to launch a new
owned by the businessmen, have been empty               science fiction series. lt has impressive special
for the last two years and the local authorities        effects and a strong, believable cast of
have no record of any robberies .                       characters who travel to the twenty-thi rd
                                                        century. The action takes place in underground
8                                                       cities where the environment is controlled by
Animal Planet                                           computers .
(Wednesday 23.00)
This is a classic black-and-white film from the         F
forties in which astronaut Charlie Huston crash-        New Science
lands on a planet ruled entirely by animals. lt is      (Friday 79.30)
a first-class suspense adventure which also             This popular half-hour science magazine
looks at the human condition, although this is          continues into its twenty-ninth year, proving
not always a successful part of the film .              itself to be a hardy survivor in the television
                                                        world . Tonight it is presented by Carol
c                                                       Vorderman who introduces five reports, which
                                                        include computer-driven cars and in-flight
Strange Encounter                                       ten-pin bowling.
(Saturday 21.00)
Suspense is skilfully built up in this clever, small-   G
scale supernatural story. A young couple view a
deserted old house that they are interested in          There and Back Again
buying . They meet a strange old lady who tells         (Sunday 22.00)
them of the mystical powers of the house and            Paul Theroux's account of his recent journey
how previous owners have been able to travel            from London to Japan and back makes ideal
back through the centuries to meet their                material for this evening's travel slot. Based on
ancestors .                                             his own novel, the progress of his journey on the
                                                        railways of Europe and Asia (Victoria station,
D                                                       Paris, Istanbul. .. ) acts as a fascinating
                                                        travelogue as the inhabitants gradually shift
The Longest Walk                                        from the West to the East.
(Tuesday 21.30)
Ffyona Campbell is nearly there . All she has to
do now is walk the length of France and Britain

                                                        11 7
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 8-14

Look at the seven television programmes A-G on the previous page and answer Questions 8-14.
For which programme are the following statements true?
Write the correct letter A-Gin boxes 8-14 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any fetter more than once.
 8 This programme is in the form of a personal interview.
 9 This programme is a documentary about technological developments.
10 These TWO programmes are about time travel.
11 This programme is taken from a book.
12 This film is the introduction to a set of programmes.
13 These TWO programmes are about present-day travellers.
14 This programme is about investigating a possible crime.

118
SECTION 2  Questions 15-27

Read the information below and answer Questions 15-20.

                BINGHAM REGIONAL COLLEGE

                          International Students' Orientation Programme

What is it?
lt is a course which will introduce you to the College and to Bingham. lt takes place in the week
before term starts, from 24th - 28th September inclusive, but you should plan to arrive in Bingham
on the 22nd or 23rd September.

Why do we think it is important?
We want you to have the best possible start to your studies and you need to find out about all the
opportunities that college life offers. This programme aims to help you do just that. lt will enable
you to get to know the College. its facilities and services. You will also have the chance to meet
staff and students.

How much will it cost?
International students (non-European Union students)
For those students who do not come from European Union (EU) countries, and who are not used
to European culture and customs, the programme is very important and you are strongly advised
to attend . Because of this, the cost of the programme, exclusive of accommodation, is built into
your tuition fees.

EU students
EU students are welcome to take part in this programme for a fee of £.195 , exclusive of
accommodation. Fees are not refundable.

Accommodation costs (international and EU students)
If you have booked accommodation for the year ahead (41 weeks) through the Coll ege in o ne of
the College residences (Cambourne Hou se, Hanley House , the Student Village or a College shared
house) , you do not have to pay extra for accommodation during the Orientation programme .
If you have not booked accommodation in the College residences, you can ask us to pre-book
accommodation for you for one week only (Orientation Programme week) in a hotel with other
international students. The cost of accommodation for one week is approximately £.165 .
Alternatively, you can arrange your own accommodation for that week in a flat, with friends or a
local family.

What is included during the programme?
Meals: lunch and an evening meal are provided as part of the programme, beginning with supper on
Sunday 23rd September and fin ishing with lunch at midday on Friday 28th September. Please note
that breakfast is not available .

Information sessions: including such topics as accommodation , health , religious matters, welfare.
immigration, study skills, careers and other 'essential information '.

Social activities: including a welcome buffet and a half-day excursion round Bingham.

Transport: between your accommodation and the main College campus, where activities will take
place.

                                                                                                      11 9
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 15-20

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the text on the previous
page?

In boxes 15- 20 on your answer sheet, write

     TRUE        if the statement agrees with the information
                 if the statement contradicts the information
     FALSE       if there is no information on this

     NOT GIVEN

15 Participants are advised to arrive one or two days early.
16 The cost of the programme for European Union students, excluding accommodation,

      is£195.
17 The number of places available is strictly limited.
18 Some students are not charged extra for accommodation during the programme.
19 The College will arrange accommodation with local families.
20 You can obtain breakfast at the College for an extra charge.

120
                                                         Reading

Read the information below and answer Questions 21- 27.

Student Accommodation

The College offers five basic accommodation options. Here is some information to
help you make your choice

A CAMBOURNE HOUSE- self-catering, student residence, located in the town
     centre about 2 miles from the main College campus. Up to 499 students live in
      6, 7 and 8 bedroom flats, all with en-suite shower rooms. Rent is £64 per week,
      including bills (not telephone). Broadband Internet connections and
     telephones, with communal kitchen/dining and lounge areas. Parking space is
      available, with permits costing £60 per term.

B STUDENT VILLAGE- features 3, 4, 5 and 7 bedroom, self-catering shared
      houses for 250 students close to the main College campus. Rent is £60 per
     week inclusive of bills (excep~ telephc;me). Parking is available with permits
     costing £90 for the academic year.

C HANLEY HOUSE- a second, modern, self-catering residence in the town
     centre for 152 students. Eighteen rooms per floor with communal kitchens,
      lounges, bathrooms and toilets. Rent is £53 per week including bills (not
     telephone). There is no space for parking nearby.

D GLENCARRICK HOUSE - a privately-owned and managed student residence in
     the town centre above a multi-storey car park, close to a major nightclub and
     housing 120 students. Rooms are allocated by the College Accommodation
     Serv ice. Rents range from £58.50 to £68.50 for a single en-suite room or larger
     en-suit e room respectively. A small extra charge is made for electricity.

E HOUSE SHARES- this recent initiative is a range of shared houses for
     140 students, conforming to standards set by us to meet all legal safety
     requirements. A room in a shared house costs between £45 and £55 per week,
     exclusive of bills, and will be within a 4-mile radius of both campuses. As with
     halls of residence, the rent is payable termly.

                                                         121
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 21-27

Look at the accommodation options A-Eon the previous page.
For which options are the following statements true?
Write the correct letter A-E in boxes 21 - 27 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
21 This is possibly inconvenient for car owners.
22 This is best if you like surfing the Web.
23 Of the College residences, this has the fewest students.
24 This is a new option offered by the College.
25 You have to organise parking a year at a time.
26 This accommodation does not belong to the College.
27 Here you definitely do not have your own bathroom.

122
                                                     Reading

SECTION 3 Questions 28-40

Read the passage below and answer Questions 28--40.

A

The glow-worm belongs to a family of beetles known as the Lampyridae or fireflies . The

fireflies are a huge group containing over 2000 species, with new ones being

discovered all the time. The feature which makes fireflies and glow-worms so appealing
is their ability to produce an often dazzling display of light. The light is used by the
adult fireflies as a signal to attract a mate, and each species must develop its own 'call-
sign' to avoid being confused with other species glowing nearby. So within any one
area each species will differ from its neighbours in some way, for example in the colour
or pattern of its light, how long the pulses of light last, the interval between pulses and
whether it displays in flight or from the ground .

B

The fireflies' almost magical light has attracted human attention for generations. lt is

described in an ancient Chinese encyclopaedia written over 2000 years ago by a pupil

of Confucius. Fireflies often featured in Japanese and Arabian folk medicine. All over
the world they have been the inspiration for countless poems, paintings and stories . In
Britain, for example, there are plenty of anecdotes describing how glow-worms have
been used to read by or used as emergency bicycle lamps when a cyclist's batteries
have failed without warning . Early travellers in the New World came back with similar
stories, of how the native people of Central America would collect a type of click beetle
and release them indoors to light up their huts. Girls threaded them around their feet to
illuminate the forest paths at night.

    Fireflies very similar to those we see today have been found foss ilised in rocks which

were formed about 30 million years ago, and their ancestors were probably glowing

long before then. lt is impossible to be sure exactly when and where the first firefly
appeared. The highest concentrations of firefly species today are to be found in the
tropics of South America, which may mean either that this is where they first evolved, or
simply that they prefer the conditions there.

   Wherever they first arose, fireflies have since spread to almost every part of the
globe. Today members of the firefly family can be found almost anywhere outside the
Arctic and Antarctic circles.

c

As with many insects, the glow-worm's life is divided into rour distinct stages: the egg,
the larva (equivalent to the caterpillar of a butterfly), the pupa (or chrysalis) and the
adult. The glow-worm begins its life in the autumn as a pale yellow egg . The freshly laid

                                                                                                             123
General Training: Reading and Writing

   egg is extremely fragile but within a day its surface has hardened into a shell. The egg
   usually takes about 35 days to hatch, but the exact time varies according to the
   temperature, from about 27 days in hot weather to more than 45 days in cold weather.
   By the time it is due to hatch, the glow-worm's light organ is fully developed, and its
   glow signals that the egg will soon hatch.

       After it has left the egg, the larva slowly grows from a few millimetres into the size
   and shape of a matchstick. The larval stage is the only time the insect can feed . The
   larva devotes much of its life to feeding and building up its food reserves so that as an
   adult it will be free to concentrate all its efforts on the task of finding a mate and
   reproducing . Throughout its time as a larva, approximately 15 months, the glow-worm
   emits a bright light. The larva's light is much fainter than the adult female's but it can still
   be seen more than five metres away.

       In the final stage of a glow-worm's life, the larva encases itself in a pupal skin while it
   changes from the simple larva to the more complex adult fly. When the adult fly
   emerges from the pupa the male seeks a female with whom it can mate. After mating,
   the female lays about 120 eggs. The adult flies have no mouth parts, cannot eat and

  therefore only live a few days. When people talk of seeing a glow-worm they normally

   mean the brightly glowing adult female.

  D

   In some countries the numbers of glow-worms have been falling . Evidence suggests that
   there has been a steady decrease in the British glow-worm population since the 1950s
   and possibly before that. Possible causes for the decline indude habitat destruction,
   pollution and changes in climate . Thousands of acres of grassland have been built
   upon and glow-worm sites have become increasingly isolated from each other. The
   widespread use of pesticides and fertilisers may also have endangered the glow-worm.
   Being at the top of a food chain it is likely to absorb any pollutants eaten by the snails on
   which it feeds . The effect of global warming on rainfall and other weather patterns may

  also be playing a part in the disappearance of glow-worms. A lot more research will be

   needed, however, before the causes of the glow-worm's gradual decline are clear.

  E

   Although glow-worms are found wherever conditions are damp, food is in good supply
   and there is an over-hanging wall, they are most spectacular in caves. For more than
   100 years the glow-worm caves in New Zealand have attracted millions of people from
   all over the world. The caves were first explored in 1887 by a local Maori chief, Tone
   Tinorau, and an English surveyor, Fred Mace. They built a raft and, with candles as
   their only light, they floated into the cave where the stream goes underground. As their
   eyes adjusted to the darkness they saw myriad lights reflecting off the water. Looking up
   they discovered that the ceiling was dotted with the lights of thousands of glow-worms.
   They returned many times to explore further, and on an independent trip Tone
   discovered the upper level of the cave and an easier access. The authorities were
   advised and government surveyors mapped the caves. By 1888 Tone Tinorau had
   opened the cave to touri sts.

124
                                                                   Reading

Questions 28-33

The passage on the previous pages has five sections labelled A-E.
Which section mentions the following?
Write the correct letter A-E in boxes 28-33 on your answer sheet.

NB You may use any letter more than once.

28 threats to the glow-worm
29 ways in which glow-worms have been used
30 variations in type of glow-worm
31 glow-worm distribution
32 glow-worms becoming an attraction
33 the life-cycle of a glow-worm

                                                                   125
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 34-40

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the passage?

In boxes 34-40 on your answer sheet, write

     TRUE        if the statement agrees with the information
     FALSE       if the statement contradicts the information
     NOT GIVEN   if there is no information on this

34 Scientists have only recently been able to list the exact number of glow-worm species.
35 The first fireflies appeared 30 million years ago.
36 Glow-worm populations are decreasing faster in some countries than in others.
37 Heat affects the production of glow-worm larvae.
38 Adulthood is the longest stage of a glow-worm's life.
39 The exact reason why glow-worm numbers are decreasing is unknown.
40 Glow-worms are usually found in wet areas.

126
         Writing

WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

              You have a full-time job and are also doing a part-time evening course.
              You now find that you cannot continue the course.
              Write a letter to the course tutor. In your letter
             • describe the situation
             • explain why you cannot continue at this time
             • say what action you would like to take

Write at least 150 words.
You do NOT need to write any addresses.
Begin your letter as follows:
Dear ............... .... ..... ,

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Nowadays we are producing more and more rubbish.
             Why do you think this is happening?
             What can governments do to help reduce the amount of rubbish produced?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or expenence.
Write at least 250 words.

         127
Tapescripts

                TEST 1

SECTION 1

RECEPTIONIST:   Good afternoon, Dreamtime Travel. How can I help you?                     Example
CUSTOMER:       Oh hello. I'm interested in the holidays you otTer along the coast near
RECEPTIONIST:   here.                                                                     QJ
                Yes. We operate several tours up the coast. Where in particular did
CUSTOM E R:     you want to go?                                                           Q2
                Well, I like the sound of the holiday that mentioned whales. Was it
RECEPTIONIST:   'Whale Watching'?                                                         Q3
CUSTOMER :      Oh, that's our Whale Watch Experience. It 's very popular and it's
RECEPTIONIST:   based in a lovely little town with nice beaches.                          Q4
CUSTOMER:       Oh right, and how long does it last?
RECEPTIONIST:   It's two days - that includes four hours' travel time each way from
                here.
CUSTOMER:       Good, I don't want to be away any longer than that. So is that by
RECEPTIONIST :  coach?
                Actually it's by minibus. We like to keep those tours small and
CUSTOMER:       personal so we don't take a whole coachload of people. In fact,
RECEPTIONIST :  we only take up to fifteen people on this tour, although we do run it
CUSTOMER:       with just twelve or thirteen.
RECEPTIONIST:   Oh, right. So do you run these tours often?
                Well it depends on the time of year. Of course in peak times like the
CUSTOMER:       summer holidays we do them every weekend, but at the moment it's
RECEPTIONIST :  usually once a month at most.
CUSTOMER:       And when is the next one going?
RECEPTIONIST:   Mmm, let me see. Urn, there's one in three weeks' time which is
CUSTOMER:       April the 18th, and then we don't have another one until June the 2nd.
                All right, and is April a good time to go?
                Pretty good. Though the really good time is later in the year. I have to
                say though that the whale sighting is only one of the many things
                ofTered.
                Really?
                Yes. The hotel itself where you stay has great facilities. It's called
                The Pallisades.
                The Paris what?
                No, it's actually The Pallisades, P-A-L-L-I-S-A-0-E-S. It's right on
                the main beach there.
                Oh, I see.

128
                                                                                             Test 1

RECEPTIONIST:   All of the rooms have nice views and the food is really good there too.
CUSTOMER:       Oh right.
CUSTOMER:
RECEPTIONIST:   And what about the other things? You know, that are included in the

CUSTOMER:       pnce.
RECEPTIONIST:
                Oh, there are lots of things. If you don't want to do the whale watch
CUSTOMER:
RECEPTIONIST:   cruise, your guide will take anyone who is interested either on
CUSTOMER:
RECEPTIONIST:   a bushwalk through the national park near the hotel, and there's no Q5/Q6
CUSTOMER:
RECEPTIONIST :  extra charge for that, or on a fishing trip. That's an extra $12 I think.

CUSTOMER :      And there's also a reptile park in town - that costs more or less the same.
RECEPTIONIST:
CUSTOMER:       No, I think I'd prefer whales to snakes.
RECEPTIONIST:
CUSTOMER:       Yeah. And if you just want to relax you are free to sit by the hotel
RECEPTIONIST:
                pool or go down the beach. Oh, and they also have tennis courts
CUSTOMER:
RECEPTIONIST:   at the hotel, but you have to pay for those by the hour. But there
CUSTOMER:
                are table tennis tables downstairs and they're part of the                   Q5/Q6

                accommodation package. Just speak to your guide.

                Well that sounds good. So how much is the basic tour price?

                At this time of year it's usually around $300 but let me check.

                Er. .. oh, it's actually $280.                                               Q7

                And the next tour, are there any places on that one?

                How many people is it for?

                There are two of us.

                Yes, that should be fine. Can I just mention that we require all

                bookings to be made at least fourteen days before you travel to              Q8

                avoid cancellations of tours. And if you cancel within seven days

                of departure you will have to pay 50% of your total booking.

                OK.

                And you also need to pay a 20% deposit at the time of booking.               Q9

                Can I pay that by credit card?

                Yes, you can .

                All right, what I'll do is I'll talk to my partner and get back to you.

                Fine. So I'll make a provisional booking, shall I? - two for the Whale

                Watch Experience. Let me issue you with a customer reference

                number for when you call back. Do you have a pen?

                Yes.

                OK, it's three nine seven. four five, T . That's T for tango. When           QJO

                you call back, ask to speak to the Tour Manager, that 's me, Tracy.

                Fine, I will.

SECTION 2

Hello and welcome to today's 'Buyer Beware' programme, where we give you some tips on
how to spend your money wisely. Now, in today's show we're looking at beds for children and
babies. Let's start by looking at baby cots, that's for children of up to three years old. We

                                                                                                                     129
Tapescripts

tested three different cots all in the budget price range and, as usual, we will feature the good
points, the problems and our verdict.

The first cot we looked at was by Baby Safe and it had several good points to recommend it.

Our testers liked the fac·t that it had four wheels, so it was easy to move around . The only QJJ

slight problems with this cot were that it had no brakes, but they didn't think that mattered Ql2

too much. At first they were a bit concerned about the side bar, because they felt babies          Q13

could trap their fingers in it, but our testers felt that this was unlikely to happen so they

have given this one a verdict of 'satisfactory'.                                                   Ql4

The next cot was by Choice Cots and this time our testers were pleased to find a cot which

is simple to put together- unlike others we looked at. On the minus side, our testers did          Ql5

not like the fact that the side of the cot did not drop down, making it difficult to pick up

newborn babies. However, the real problem with this cot was the space between the bars;

our testers found they were too wide and a baby could easily trap his head. We felt this           Ql6

was a real safety hazard and so we have labelled this one dangerous, I'm afraid.                   Ql7

And finally better news for the Mother's Choice cot. This cot was slightly different in that,

although the side bar did not drop down, the base could be raised or lowered into two

different positions making it safe as well as convenient. The negatives for this one were

quite minor; the only niggle everyone had was the fact that it has no wheels and the only QJB

other problem anyone could find , was that there were pictures which were simply stuck

on and so could easily become detached . The makers have now promised to discontinue

this practice. As this cot will then be safe in every way, we have made the Mother's Choice

cot our best buy. Congratulations Mother's Choice!                                                 QJ9

So, what features should you look for in a baby's cot? Well obviously safety is a very
important factor as well as comfort and convenience. We recommend that, if you are
buying a cot, do make sure that any metal present is not rusted or bent in any way.
You should ensure your cot has only rounded or smooth edging without any sharp edges, Q20
this is especially important for wooden cots.

And now on to beds for toddlers .. .

SECTION 3

ANDREW:   Excuse me, I was told to come here for advice about , erm, Management
          Diploma courses?
MONICA :  You've certainly come to the right place. Hi, my name is Monica.
ANDREW :  Nice to meet you. My name is Andrew, Andrew Harris.
MONICA :  So, Andrew, have you seen our diploma course prospectus yet?
ANDREW :  Yes, I've already looked at it. In fact, I thought the information on course
          content was really useful, but I'm afraid I'm a bit confused by all the different
          ways you can do the course: full-time intensive, part-time and so on.

130
                                                                                             Test I

MONICA:   Well, Jet's see if I can help. I think each course type has its advantages and     Q21
ANDREW :  disadvantages, so it really depends on you - your own study habits, and your
          financial circumstances, of course. Are you working at the moment?                 Q22
MONICA:   Yes. I've been working in the administration section of the local hospital         Q23
ANDREW:   for the last three years. And before that I worked in the office of a computer
          engineering company for two years. So, I've got about five years of relevant       Q24/Q25
MONICA:   work experience. And what I'm hoping to focus on is Personnel Management.          Q24/Q25
ANDREW:   I see. And are you planning to leave your current job to study, or are you
          thinking about just taking a year off?
MONICA:   I want to know what my options are, really. I don't want to quit my job or
          anything and my employers are keen for me to get some more qualifications
ANDREW:   but obviously, it would be better if I could do a course without taking too
MONICA:   much time away from work.
ANDREW:   Right, so you don't really want to do the full-time course, then?
MONICA :  No, not really. It 's also a question of finances. You see, my office have agreed
          to pay the cast of the course itself, but I would have to take unpaid leave if
ANDREW:   I want to study full-time and, well, I don't think I could afford to support
MONICA:   myself with no salary for a whole year.
          OK. Well, you have two other possibilities: you could either do the part-time
          course - that would be over two years and you wouldn't have to take any time
          off work - or you could do what we call a 'modular' course. You could do that
          in eighteen months if you wanted -or longer, it's quite flexible and it would
          be up to you.
          Mmm. So what does the part-time course involve?
          For that you would join an evening class and have a lecture twice a week. Then,
          you'd have to attend a seminar or discussion workshop one weekend a month.
          What kind of coursework would I have to do?
          Well, it's a mixture. You'd be expected to write an essay each month, which
          counts towards your final assessment. You have a case study to do by the end
          of the course, which might involve doing a survey or something like that,
          and also you need to hand in a short report every four weeks.
          So, that's quite a Jot of work, then, on top of working every day. It sounds like
          a lot of studying - and really tiring.
          Yes, you certainly wouldn't have much free time!

ANDREW: What about the 'modular' course? What would I have to do for that?

MONICA: That's where you get the opportunity to study full-time for short periods.           Q26

          That way you can cover a lot of coursework and attend lectures and seminars

          during the day. And each module lasts for one term, say, about twelve weeks Q27

          at a time. There are obvious advantages in this - the main one being that you

          can study in a much more intensive way, which suits some people much better. Q28

ANDREW: And how many of these 'modules' would I have to do to get the diploma?

MONICA : The current programme is two modules - and then you have to choose                  Q29

          ~to work in more depth - but you can base that on your job, and so                 Q30

          you don't need to be away from the office, and how long it takes is up to you.

                                                                                                  131
Tapescripts

ANDREW:      The important thing is that you don't have to study and work. You can
MONICA:      focus on one thing at a time.
             Yes, I can see that. It certainly sounds attractive! It would be more expensive,
             though. I mean, I'd have to support myself witho ut pay for each module.
             That's true, so that might be a problem for you. Look, why don't you talk this
             over with your employers and ...

SECTION 4

OK, so we've been looking at the attitudes of various social and cultural groups towards the
management of their personal finances- how important they feel it is to save money, and
what they save their money for. One aspect that we haven't yet considered is gender. So if we
consider gender issues we're basically asking whether men and women have different attitudes
towards saving money, and whether they save money for different things.

Back in 1928 the British writer George Bernard Shaw wrote in his Intelligent Women's

Guide to Socialism and Capitalism that 'A man is supposed to understand politics,                Q31

economics and finance and is therefore unwilling to accept essential instruction.' He also

said, 'A woman, having fewer pretensions, is far more willing to learn'. Now, though these Q32

days people might questi on a lot of the assumptions contained in those statements, recent

research does suggest that there are some quite fundamental differences between men and

women in their attitudes to economic matters.

Let's look at what men and women actually save for. Research studies of women in

North America have found that women are far more likely to save for their children's             Q33

education and they are also more likely to save up in order to buy a house one day.

The same studies have found that men, on the other hand, tend to save for~. which                Q34

by the way takes a surprisingly large amount of the household budget in North America.

But the other main priority for men when saving money is their retirement. When they're

earning, they're far more likely to put money aside for their old age than women are.

Now this is rather disturbing, because in fact the need for women to save for their old age

is far greater than for men. Let's consider this for a moment. To start with, it is a fact that

throughout the world, women are likely to live many years longer than men, so they need

money to support them during this time. Since women are likely to be the ones left

without a partner in old age, they may therefore have to pay for nursing care, because           Q35

they don't have a spouse to look after them. Furthermore the high divorce rates in

North America are creating a poverty cycle for women. It is the divorced women who

will most often have to look after the children and thus they need more money to look

after not just themselves but others.

So what can be done about this situation? The population in North America is likely to

contain an increasing number of elderly women. The research indicates that at present

for women it takes a crisis to make them think about their future financial situation.           Q36

132
                                                                                                 Test 2

But of course this is the very worst time for anyone to make important decisions. Women

today need to look ahead, think ahead- not wait until they're under pressure. Even

women in their early twenties need to think about pensions, for example, and with                Q37

increasing numbers of women in professional positions there are signs that this is

beginning to happen. Then research also suggests that women avoid dealing effectively

with their economic situation because of a lack of confidence. The best way for them to          Q38

overcome this is by getting themselves properly informed so they are less dependent on

other people's advice. A number of initiatives have been set up to help them do this.

This College, for example, is one of the educational institutions which offers night classes

in Money Management, and increasing numbers of women are enrolling on such courses. Q39

Here, they can be given advice on different ways of saving. Many women are unwilling to

invest in stocks and shares, for instance, but these can be extremely profitable. It is usually

advised that at least 70% of a person's savings should be in low-risk investments but for        Q40

the rest, financial advisors often advise taking some well-informed risks. Initiatives such

as this can give women the economic skills and knowledge they need for a comfortable,

independent retirement.

The increasing proportion of elderly women in the population is likely to have other economic

consequences ...

                                      TEST 2

SECTION 1

LIBRARIAN:   Good morning, North College Library. How can I help you?
MAN :
LIBRARIAN :  I was wondering if it was possible to join the library.
MAN :
LIBRARIAN :  Are you a student at North College?
MAN:
LIBRARIAN :  No, I'm not, but someone told me it was possible to join, even if I wasn't.
MAN:
LIBRARIAN:   That's right, it is. Are you over 18.? That's our minimum joining age.              Example
                                                                                                 Ql
MAN:         Yes, I am.                                                                          Q3
LIBRARIAN :
MAN:         That's no problem then.                                                                   133
LIBRARIAN:
MAN:         Could you tell me what I have to do to join?
LIBRARIAN :
             Well, you'll need to come in to the library and fill out some forms.
MAN:
             You'll also need to bring two passport photos with you. We also need two

             documents for ID, so a driving licence would be fine.

             I've got that and what else? A credit card?

             No, it needs to have your address on it.

             Shall I bring a bank statement, would that do?           Q2

             That'll be fine.

             Good. Does it cost anything to join?

             Well, it's free for students here but otherwise it's £125 per year or £25 if

             you've got a current student card from another college.

             I was at Westerley College until last year but now I've got a job at

             Jefferson's steel factory. Er, it's more expensive than I thought. My local

             library is free.
Tapescripts

LIBRARIAN:   But you'll find they don't have the range of reference books or facilities which

MAN:         we buy for our students. That's why you have to pay to be an external member.
LIBRARIAN:
             I see. How many books can I borrow?
MAN:
LIBRARIAN:   We allow twelve items borrowed at any one time if you're a student, and

MAN:         that includes COs, DVDs and videos. However, it's only eight items for              Q4
LIBRARIAN:
             members of the public.

             Fine. And how long can I have them for?

             Well, you can have both fiction and reference books for four weeks which

             isn't bad really.

             And what happens if I return them late?

             Like all libraries there's a fine system in place. The minimum fine is £1.50 but Q5

             it can be much higher for some items -up to £5 per week. We'll give you a

             booklet with all the details when you join. You can always renew items if

             they're not required by anyone else by telephoning or logging on to our website.

MAN:         What about the computers? Can I use them free of charge?
LIBRARIAN :
MAN:         For college students it 's free, but for external members like yourself, the first
LIBRARIAN:
             hour is free and then we make a nominal charge of £I per hour thereafter.
MAN:
LIBRARIAN:   Do I have to book in advance for them?

MAN:         Oh, yes, it's advisable. Most people tend to book twenty-four hours in advance
LIBRARIAN:
             although sometimes you can get one with only six hours' notice. However, the
MAN:
LIBRARIAN:   earliest you can book a computer is forty-eight hours before you need it,           Q6
MAN:
LI BRARIAN:  and you can only book one hour at a time. If no-one else has booked the
MAN :
LIBRARIAN :  computer out, then you may be able to have another hour if you want.
MAN:
             We have a wide range of databases, so the computers .are in great demand.

             I'm thinking of doing some writing and I might need to access national

             newspapers. Do you have them on these databases?

             We do indeed. We've got all the big nationals, The Guardian and

             The Observer, The Independent and The Times and Sunday Times.

             We've also got all the local papers and a wide selection of magazines.              Q7

             Excellent. I assume you have photocopying facilities?

             Of course. 5p a sheet for both A4 and A3 black-and-white copies and

             40p a sheet for colour. You can get a card from the counter here- it                Q8

             doesn't take coins.

             OK. Oh by the way, another thing I was wondering about was if you ran

             any writing classes through the library?

             We do, but you 'll have to speak to John Grantingham about that. ·He's our

             resident author. He runs the creative writing classes.

             John .. . Grant . ... Could you spell that for me please?

             Certainly. G-R-A-N -T-I-N- G- H-A- M.                                               Q9

             Are the classes here at the library?

             Yes- he's here on Thursday evenings, oh no sorry, Friday- he's just                 QJO

             changed it. You can contact him by emailing the library.

             Okay. Right, well that's about all I need to know. Thank you. I'll be along

             later this week to join. Thanks. Bye.

134
                                                                                                Test 2

SECTION 2

My name's Dan Pearman and I'd like to talk about the work of Pedal Power, a small charity
based mainly in the UK. I'll be giving our contact details at the end, if anyone would like to
find out more about how to support us.

But first, how the charity began. I got the idea of exporting bicycles to developing countries

while I was in Ecuador. I went there in 1993 just after graduating from university. After

three years of studying, I wanted adventure. I loved travelling, so 1 decided to join a         Q11

voluntary organisation and was sent to Ecuador to carry out land surveys. The project

came to an end after five years and when 1 returned to the UK in 1998, I started planning

Pedal Power.

Where I lived in Ecuador was a very rural area. My neighbour had the only bicycle in

the village, whereas everyone else walked everywhere. My neighbour's business was

unusually successful, and for years I couldn't understand why. Then I realised having a         Q12

bike meant he could get where he wanted to go without much trouble. Other local

carpenters could only accept jobs in a three-kilometre radius, so no matter how skilled

they were, they could never do as many jobs as my neighbour.

At Pedal Power, we collect second-hand bikes in the UK and send them to some of the

poorest regions in the world. When we distribute bikes overseas we don't give them away

for free. We'd like to, but long term that doesn't really help the local economy. The demand

for bikes is enormous, which makes them very expensive locally. So we sell them for 5% of

the normal price. But in order to continue operating we need to have a constant supply          Ql3

of bikes which we send out every six months.

One example of a town that's received bicycles from Pedal Power is Rivas. It was the first
place I sent a full container of bicycles to. Most people there now own a bicycle. The local Ql4
economy has developed so much. you wouldn't recognise it as the same place. In fact,
there are more bikes than on the streets of Amsterdam, if you 've ever been there.

But Pedal Power still needs your help. You may have read about some of our recent
problems in the British media. In August 2000, we simply ran out of money. We had
containers of bikes ready to send, but no money to pay the bills. It was a terrible situation. Q15
We managed to ensure the bikes went out on time, but the other problems carried on
for several months.

Fortunately in October 2001 we won an Enterprise Award which helped us enormously.

We invested fifteen of the seventy-five-thousand-pound prize money to help secure our           Ql6

future. Winning the award helped raise our profile, and the money enabled us to pay all

our shipping costs, which represent our greatest expense. Pedal Power changes lives - when

someone gets a bicycle from us, they see a 14% increase in their income. We're currently

looking to invest in computers so that our office staff can do an even better job. Because Q1 7

of our work, people in a number of countries now have a better standard of living- so far

                                                                                                     135
Tapescripts

we've provided 46,000 people with bikes. But we'd like to send more, at least 50,000 by
the end of the year.

Now there are many ways in which you can support the work of Pedal Power, not just              Q18/19/20
by taking a bike to a collection in your area. I should also like to say if you do have a       Ql8/ 19/20
bike to donate, it doesn't matter what condition it's in - if we can't repair it, we'll strip   Q18/19/20
it down for spare parts. Of course, to do that we always need tools, which are expensive
to buy, so we welcome any that you can give. Also, you could help by contacting the
voluntary staff at our offices, they'll be able to suggest activities you could organise to
bring in funds for us. People do all kinds of things - including, of course, sponsored
bike rides. Also, we're always interested to hear of other places that would benefit from
receiving a consignment of bikes, and welcome suggestions from people who've been to
developing regions on their travels. We hope that by talking on radio programmes like
this, we will be able to raise public awareness, which will lead to government organisations
also giving us regular financial support, something that we really need.

If you'd like some more information about where to donate an old bicycle or offer help in
other ways please contact us on ...

SECTION 3

TUTOR : First of all I'd just like to say, Cristina and Ibrahim, that I really enjoyed

             watching your video about student life last week, and I could see that the rest

             of the group did too. You did really well, and I hope that you got a lot out of

             it. I'd like to use this tutorial as a feedback session, where you reflect on the

             experience of doing the project. So Cristina, I was wondering, what did you

             enjoy most about making the video?

CRISTINA : I liked using the camera.

TUTOR: Is it the first time you've operated one like that?

CRISTINA: Yes, it is.

TUTOR: Well the results were very good! Anything else?

CRISTINA : I also enjoyed visiting one of the British students we filmed. I'd never been

             inside a British ~ before.                                                         Q21

TUTOR: OK Cristina, thanks. What about you, Ibrahim? What did you enjoy?

IBRAHIM : Well for me it was a very good chance to get to know students who are on

             other courses, because everyone in our group is studying English, and we

             don't usually have much to do with the rest of the college.

TUTOR : Yes, good. Do you think you'll maintain the contact now?

IBRAHIM: I hope so. I've invited three of them to have dinner with me next week.                Q22

TUTOR: Great! If you haven't decided what to make yet I can tell you they'll love

             trying Arab dishes. And of course, it's good for your English too. Cristina, ·

             what did you find? What was the most useful aspect of the project from the

             point of view of the English practice?

136
                                                                                              Test 2

CRISTINA: I think, when we were being shown how to edit the film, we had to follow

the instructions. And that was very good practice for me. And I also learned

some technical words that I hadn't heard before.                                              Q23

TUTOR: What about you Ibrahim? What was the most useful for your English?

IBRAHIM: It was listening to the British students, because they don't speak as slowly as

most of the tutors on our course. I think they speak at natural speed , so it

forces me to get used to it. And they use a lot of slang.                                     Q24

TUTOR: So you learned some new words which will be useful?

IBRAHIM: Yes.

TUTOR: Good. I'm glad it helped. Well, we've talked a little bit about enjoyment, and

about language practice. Were there any other benefits? What else did you feel

you'd learnt from the project? Was it useful in other ways?

CRISTINA: Yes, well firstly, I learned how to use a video camera. And also, I think I really

learned a lot about working together with other people. I've never done

anything with a group before, and we had to find ways of cooperating, erm,                    Q25

and compromising, and sometimes persuading people, when they don't agree Q26

with you.

TUTOR : Yes, that is a very useful experience, I know.

TUTOR : What about you, Ibrahim?
IBRAHIM: Well, I think I learnt a lot about how important editing is. When you're filming Q27

                you think that everything's going to be interesting, but in fact we cut around
                half of it in the end, and then it was much better.
TUTOR : Good. Well, one last thing I'd like to ask. What mistakes do you think you, as
               a group that is, made? I mean, to put it another way, if you had to do it all
                over again, is there anything you'd do differently?
CRISTINA: We didn't plan very well. For example, we didn't decide on dates when we'd
                complete each separate step of the project, and we should have agreed about Q28
                that in the beginning, because we were always late with everything!
TUTOR: Right. Anything else?
CRISTINA: I think we should have tried to experiment more with the camera. I mean with Q29
                angles, and the focus and that kind of thing.
TUTOR : So you should have beer:t more ambitious? Do you agree, Ibrahim?
IBRAHIM: Not really. In fact, I think we were too ambitious. We were inexperienced, and
               we didn't have a lot of time, and we tried to do too much , to make a long film. QJO
                Next time I would make a shorter one and try to get the quality better.
TUTOR: Well, that's very interesting. Next semester we will be doing another video
                project- with a different content, of course - but you'll have an opportunity
                to put into practice what you've learnt this time. Do you have any ideas
                about . . .

                                                                                                     137
Tapescripts

SECTION 4

Tonight I'm going to talk to you about that remarkable continent Antarctica - remote, hostile
and at present uninhabited on a permanent basis. For early explorers, it was the ultimate
survival contest; for researchers like me, it remains a place of great intellectual challenge;
while for the modern tourist, it's simply a wilderness of great beauty.

First, some facts and figures. Antarctica is a place of extremes - the highest, coldest and

windiest continent and over fifty-eight times the size of the UK. The ice-cap contains          QJJ

almost 70% of the world 's fresh water and 90% of its ice, but with very low snowfall,

mo st of the continent technically falls unbelievably into the category of 'desert'! Huge       Q32

icebergs break off the continent each year, while in winter half the surrounding ocean

freezes over, which means its size almost doubles.

Research and exploration has been going on in Antarctica for more than two hundred

years, and has involved scientists from many different countries, who work together on

research stations. Here science and technical support have been integrated in a very            Q33

cost-effective way - our Antarctic research programme has several summers-only stations

and two all-year-round ones; I was based on one of the all-year-round ones.

The research stations are really self-contained communities of about twenty people.

There's living and working space, a kitchen with a huge food store, a small hospital and        Q34

a well-equipped gym to ensure everyone keeps fit in their spare time. The station generates

its own electricity and communicates with the outside world using a satellite link.

Our station - Zero One - had some special features. It wasn't built on land but on an

ice-shelf, hundreds of metres thick . Supplies were brought to us on large sledges from

a ship fifteen kilometres away at the ice edge.                                                 Q35

Living in the Antarctic hasn't always been so comfortable. Snow build-ups caused

enormous problems for four previous stations on the same site, which were buried and

finally crushed by the weight. Fortunately no-one was hurt, but these buildings became

a huge challenge to architects who finally came up with a remarkable solution - the

buildings are placed on platforms which can be raised above the changing snow level             Q36

on legs which are extendable.

Food is one of the most important aspects of survival in a polar climate. People living there

need to obtain a lot more energy from their food , both to keep warm and to undertake

heavy physical work. Maybe you know that an adult in the UK will probably need about

I ,700 kilocalories a day on average; someone in Antarctica will need about 3.500 - just        Q37

over double! This energy is provided by foods wpich are high in carbohydrate and fat.

Rations for fieldwork present an additional problem. They need to provide maximum energy,
but they must also be compact and light for easy transport. Special boxes are prepared, each
containing enough food for one person for twenty days. You may be familiar with coffee

138
                                                                                                  Test 3

processed by freeze-drying, which preserves the quality of the food product while making a
large saving in weight- well, this type of presentation is ideal in our situation. It wasn't
available to earlier polar explorers, whose diet was commonly insufficient for their health.

I think that being at the cutting edge of science has a special appeal for everyone working in
Antarctica, in whatever capacity. As a marine biologist, my own research was fascinating; but
it's perhaps climate change research that is the most crucial field of study.

Within this general field, surveying changes in the volume and stability of the ice-cap is

vital, since these may have profound effects on world sea levels and on ocean currents.           Q38

A second important area is monitoring the size of the hole in the ozone layer above

Antarctica, since this is an indicator of global ultra-violet radiation levels. Thirdly, bubbles

in the ice-sheet itself provide an index of pollution because frozen inside them are samples Q39

of previous atmospheres over the past 500,000 years, and these provide us with evidence

for the effects of such human activities as agriculture and industry.

There are an increasing number of opportunities for young people to work for a period in Q40
Antarctica - not only as research assistants in projects like mine, but also in a wide range
of junior administrative and technical positions including vacancies for map-makers. I hope
that the insights I've provided will encourage you to take up these opportunities in this
fascinating continent.

                                              TEST 3

SECTION 1

MAN:    Good morning, please take a seat. How can I help you?                                     Example
WOMAN:  Well, I'm thinking of buying a new car and I'd like some advice.                          Ql
MAN:    Sure, yes. Had you got any particular make in mind?
WOMAN:  I'm interested in a Lida - I've had one before and liked it. But I haven't really         Q2
        made up my mind.                                                                                139
MAN:    Sure. We've got various models. Umm, right. What about the engine size? Any
        ideas?
WOMAN:  The one I've got at the moment's a 1.2 litre engine but I find it a bit slow on

MAN:    long journeys. I'd like a bit more power this time ... a lA should do,
WOMAN:
MAN:    I don't think I need a 1.6 or anything.
        Right. Well I think the model you're looking at is the Max. Here's a picture.
WOMAN:  Oh, yes . . . have you got one in?
MAN:    Yes. I'll take you to have a look at it in a minute. I'll just get a few more details.
        Er ... Is there anything else to do with the engine? What kind of gear change
        do you want? I presume you'd want a manual?
        I'd want automatic- I've never driven a car with manual gears.
        Right. Well now, here's the colour chart for the Max. Have you given that any
        thought? This blue's very popular at the moment.
Tape scripts

WOMAN: Yes, it is nice, I like blue. What's it called? 'Royal'?

MAN :  Yes.

WOMAN : But actually, I think I prefer this lighter shade here- 'fu'.                        Q3

MAN :  Yes, that's popular too.

WOMAN: I think I'll go for that.

MAN :  You might have to wait a week or so for that colour, but I assume that'd be

       OK?

WOMAN : Oh yes, fine.

MAN :  Well, we can go outside and you can have a good look at one, and perhaps take

       it out. But first, can ljust ask you about finance? The cash price is going to be

       somewhere in the region of seven and a half thousand. How would you like to

       pay? Are you in a position to pay cash, or would you need credit?

WOMAN: I'd ·like credit provided the terms are reasonable.                                   Q4

MAN:   Well you can discuss that with my colleague in a moment; we have various

       arrangements. And would you be interested in us taking your present car as

       part exchange?

WOMAN : Yes.

MAN:   OK, fine. So I'll just need some details from you and then we can do a

       valuation .. . Is that OK?

WOMAN : Fine, yes.

MAN:   Could I have your full name?

WOMAN: Wendy Harries, that's H-A-double R-1-E-S.                                             Q5

MAN:   And is that Mrs .. . Miss ... Ms .. . ?

WOMAN: It's Doctor, actually.                                                                Q6

MAN:   Oh, right. And your address?

WOMAN: 20 Green Banks.

MAN:   Is that 'Green' spelled as in the colour?

WOMAN: Yes, that's right.

MAN:   OK.

WOMAN: Alton.

MAN:   Is that 0-L-T-0-N?

WOMAN: Not quite, it begins with an A. not an 0.                                             Q7

MAN :  Oh yes, that's in Hampshire isn't it?

WOMAN: That's right.

MAN:   And do you know your postcode?

woMAN: Yes. It's GU8 9EW

MAN:   Do you have a daytime phone number?

WOMAN : Well, I work at the hospital but it's a bit difficult to get hold of me. I can give

       you a number just for messages, and then I'll get back to you when I can.             Q8

       Is that OK?

MAN:   That's fine.

WOMAN: It's 0-7-9-8-2-5-7-6-4-3.

MAN :  Fine. And about the car you have now, what make is it?

WOMAN: It's a Conti.

140
                                                                                              Test 3

MAN :  Do you know the year or the model name?

WOMAN : I think it's 1996, and it's called a Lion - like the animal.                          Q9

MAN:   Then it must be 1994, because they brought out the Fox after that.

WOMAN: Oh right, yes.

MAN :  Mileage? Roughly?

WOMAN: I'm not sure. I know it's less than seventy thousand .

MAN :  OK. What colour is it?

WOMAN : It's grey, metallic grey.

MAN:   Right, and one last thing- what sort of condition would you say it's in?

WOMAN : I'd probably describe it as reasonable. Do you need to see it? It 's parked outside. QJO

MAN:   Not at the moment, no. Perhaps you could call in one day next week .. .

SECTION 2

MAN:   As I said earlier, there is I think at Rexford an excellent combination of

       physical and geographical advantages - as well as having a rural setting and

       still being close to central London, something that will certainly be of interest

       to you is that Rexford is just 35 minutes from London Airport. At Rexford we           QJJIQ12
                                                                                              Q 11 IQ12
       have a strong research capability..We came 7th out of I0 I universities in last        Q13
                                                                                              Q14
       year's research assessment, carried out by a government body and did

       particularly well in your particular subjects, engineering and science. Actually

       we got a top research grade of five for engineering, geography and computer

       sciences. One further point -and I know from talking to you individually that

       a number of you may be looking for some experience in industry after the

       course - is that all our science and engineering research departments have

       unusually close relationships with industry in the area. Anyway that's enough

       sales talk from me ... I'll just take a sip of this coffee that's just arrived, thank

       you, and then I'll say something about what actually happens when you apply.

       Right . .. Now if you do decide to make an application, what you do is send

       it directly to me in my department. I will then immediately send confirmation

       and the application process begins. Er . . . I'd like to say at this point that you

       shouldn't worry if this process doesn't work all that quickly - I mean

       occasionally there are postal problems, but most often the hold-up is caused by

       references - the people you give as referees, shall we say, take their time to

       reply. Anyway, it's absolutely normal for this process to take three to four

       months. What I do in this period is keep in touch with you and reassure you

       that things are moving along.

       One of the ways we've devised to help you decide about applying as well as

       later when you've been accepted . .. hopefully . .. is to put you in contact

       with, if possible, a student from your own country who is at present studying

       with us. What you can do is phone them up - we will, of course, liaise between

       you- and discuss your concerns with them. That way you can get an objective ·

       opinion of what you can expect if you come to live and study at Rexford - not

       only the academic atmosphere but important details like what the leisure

                                                                                                  141
Tapescripts

      facilities are like and whether the English weather and food are really as awful Q15
      as everybody says!

         If you decide you can face it, the contact can also help you just before you
      leave, with tips on what to pack and that sort of thing. At the moment I think
      we've got two second-year students and one postgraduate from this country.

      . Now to move on to the other concerns you expressed earlier. At aUK

      university- as I'm.sure you know- you will be in an environment where

      independent learning is the norm, which takes most students a while to adjust Ql6

      to, and at a time when you will be separated from your normal surroundings

      and, in most cases, your family. This can be a difficult time. But remember that

      something like 25% of our student body are international students like

      yourselves, and that there are several organisations in the university and city

      whose main purpose is to offer help and ensure that your time with us is

      enjoyable and useful.

             One or two of you touched on the subject of accommodation earlier. So I'll

      just add a few points: it is the University's policy to give priority in the

      allocation of residence places to three categories, and those are: visiting

      students, exchange students and new postgraquate students. However, demand Ql7

      exceeds supply, so there is still a need to put your name down early for campus

      accommodation, particularly if your family is accompanying you. This means

      that the earlier you decide whether you want to study with us . .. and so get

      the procedure moving, the better it will be for everybody. Yes?

WOMAN: What if you would prefer to live outside the university?

MAN:  If you're planning to live off-campus, you've got to sort things out even earlier.

      As with everything in short supply, the good accommodation gets snapped up

      months before the beginning of term- in other words if you're starting in           Ql8

      October you need to be thinking about it in June or at the yer.y latest July. So

      you do need to think very carefully about what you need, how much you can

      afford to pay, well in advance. What you can't do is leave it until a few days

      before the start of term. The agencies in town are pretty good - it's just a

      matter of contacting them in good time. Of course, we have a full-time

      accommodation officer available to help all students. She'll get in touch with

      you when you're accepted- she's got plenty of contacts in the town and :MU          Ql9

      deal with the agencies on your behalf.

             One or two of you asked me earlier about your level of spoken English.

      . Obviously most of you have already achieved a lot- I wish I could speak your

      language half as well. Having said that though, I'm afraid the lecturers will

      make little or no allowance for the presence of non-native speakers in the

      audience. So anything you can do to improve your spoken English- even

      beyond the pretty high levels most of you have already reached - will help

      make your stay with us that bit more fun for you. Some extra practice before Q20

      you arrive is worth more than ... for example private lessons afterwards, when

      you won't really have time. Oh .. . and one last thing before I invite further

      questions: it's very important that you . ..

142
                                                                                                  Test 3

SECTION 3

ANNIE:   Oh Ben - I just remembered I never filled in that form for Nick - did you do it?
BEN:
ANNIE:   The course feedback form?
BEN :
ANNIE:   Yes. If you want, we can do it together, I've got mine here.
BEN:
ANNIE:   Is that OK?
BEN :
ANNIE:   Yeah.
BEN :
ANNIE:   OK, let's have a look then. What do we have to do?

BEN :    Let's fill in the top first, let's see, Course, Course code . ..
ANNIE:
BEN :    Er, it's Communication in Business.

ANNIE:   OK, Communication . . . in . .. Business, I do know that, but what's the code?
BEN :
ANNIE:   CB 16 something, CB 162, isn't it?

BEN :    Mmm , that's it, OK and dates, when did we start? I remember, my birthday's on
ANNIE:
         May 4th and it was the day after, it must have been May 5th.                             Q21
BEN:
         Gosh, doesn't seem that long ago, does it?
ANNIE :
         No, and we finish at the end of this week, on Friday, so that's July 15th?
BEN:
ANNIE:   Er .l.Qth, Monday was the 12th. Right, that was the easy bit, now let's have a           Q22

         look- "Please give your comments on the following aspects of the course",

         OK , what 's the first one? Oh , course organisation. What do you think?

         Er, clear? It was, wasn't it?

         Yes, I think the organisation was clear. OK, anything else for course organisation? Q23

         It was a good thing he gave us the course outline at the beginning, in the first         Q24

         session, that was useful, so I'll put that down , shall I? Now, going on to suggestions

         for improvement, one thing that wasn't so good, I think we could have done a bit

         more work at the beginning, I mean at the beginning it seemed dead easy.

         Yeah .

         I thought it was going to be really easy and then all of a sudden in the second          Q25

         half of the course we got a whole load of work, reading to do and essays and

         things.

         Yes, it'd be better if it was more even. OK, now course delivery, does that mean

         teaching?

         Yeah, I suppose so. Well, what I thought was really good on this course was the

         standard of teaching. Actually - I mean some of the teachers were better than            Q26

         others - but the standard generally was fine. Much better than other courses I've

         been on.

         Yeah, I agree. Let's put that then. What about suggestions for improvement?

         I . .. I didn't think it was all that wonderful when we had great long grQ!ij2           Q27

         discussion sessions that went on for hours and hours. I don't mean we shouldn't

         have group discussions, just that they shouldn't go on too long.

ANNIE: Now, on to materials and equipment.

BEN: Oh, now what was good about some sessions was the handouts.                                  Q28

ANNIE: Yes, I thought all the handouts were good actually, and some were great, with

         website addresses and everything.

BEN: One problem though with materials was the key texts.

                                                                                                       143
Tap escript s

ANNIE: Yes' There j ust weren't enough copies on reserve in the library. And if you can't

      get the key texts before the session, how are you supposed to do the reading?

      And not enough computers. You have to wait ages to get one.

BEN: OK, testing and evaluation - well, I don't know, it's hard to say until we've got

      our wri tten assignments back.

ANNIE: Don't talk about it, I only got mine in yesterday, it was a real struggle. I hate to
            think what ma rk I'll get.

BEN: Yes, but at least we've done the oral presentation- I thought that was good, the

      way I got my feedback really quickly.

ANNIE: Yes, it was. And I liked the way we knew what we'd be evaluated on, we knew the

      criteria, so we knew we had to think about clarity, organisation, and so on.

BEN: Yeah , but I'm not so sure about the written work. One thing I think is that                  Q29

      there's just too much, it 's really stressful.

ANN IE: Yes, I'd agree and I don't see why they can't let us know the criteria they use for
            marking.

BEN: The wri tten assignments? But he told us.

ANNIE: No, for the fin al exams. What are they looking for- what are the criteria? What

      makes a pass or a fail?

BEN: Yeah, I never thought of that. It'd be really useful.

ANNIE: OK , any other comments?

BEN: I th ough t student support was excellent.                                                    Q30

ANNIE: Yeah , me too. OK, excellent. Other comments?

BEN: No, I can't think of anything else.

ANNIE: Nor me. OK, so that's done. Thanks, Ben.

BEN:  No. thank you .

SECTION 4

STUDENT: Well, my gro up has been doing a project on how household waste is recycled

               in Britain.

               We were quite shocked to discover that only 9% of people here in the UK

               make an effort to recycle their household waste. This is a lower figure than in

               most other European countries, and needs to increase dramatically in the next

               few years if the government is going to meet its recycling targets.

               The agreed targets for the UK mean that by 2008 we must reduce our

               carbon dioxide emissions by .lb.lli. compared with 1990. And recycling can Q31

               help to achieve that goal, in two main ways: the production of recycled glass

               and paper uses much less energy than producing them from virgin materials,

               and also recycling reduces greenhouse gas emissions from landfill sites and

               incineration plants.                                                                Q32

               As part of our project, we carried out a survey of people in the street, and

               the thing that came up over and over again is that people don't think it's easy

               enough to recycle their waste. One problem is that there aren't enough 'drop- Q33

               off' sites, that is, the places where the public are supposed to take their waste.

144
                                                                                    Test 3

We also discovered that waste that's collected from householders is taken to

places called 'bring banks', for sorting and baling into loads. One problem

here is taking out everything that shouldn't have been placed in the recycling

containers: people put all sorts of things into bottle banks, like plastic bags

and even broken umbrellas. All this has to be removed by hand. Another

difficulty is that toughened glass used for cooking doesn't fully melt at the       Q34

temperature required for other glass, and so that also has to be picked out by

hand.

Glass is easy to recycle because it can be reused over and over again without

becoming weaker. Two million tons of glass is thrown away each year, that is,

seven billion bottles and jars; but only 500.000 tons of that is collected and      Q35

recycled.

Oddly enough, half the glass that's collected is green, and a lot of that is        Q36
imported, so more green glass is recycled than the UK needs. As a result, new
uses are being developed for recycled glass, particularly green glass, for example  Q37
in fibreglass manufacture and water filtration. A company called CLF                Q38
Aggregates makes a product for roads, and 30% of the material is crushed glass.     Q39
                                                                                    Q40
   For recycling paper, Britain comes second in Europe with 40%, behind
Germany's amazing 70%.                                                                    145

   When recycling started, there were quality problems, so it was difficult to
use recycled paper in office printers. But these problems have now been solved,
and Martin's, based in South London, produces a range of office stationery
which is I00% recycled, costs the same as normal paper and is of equally high
quality.

   But this high quality comes at a cost in terms of the waste produced during
the process. Over a third of the waste paper that comes in can't be used in the
recycled paper, leaving the question of what to do with it . One firm, Papersave,
currently sells this to farmers as a soil conditioner, though this practice will
soon be banned because of transport costs and the smell, and the company is
looking into the possibility of alternative uses.

   Plastic causes problems, because there are so many different types of plastic
in use today, and each one has to be dealt with differently. Pacrite recycles all
sorts of things, from bottles to car bumpers, and one of its most successful
activities is recycling plastic bottles to make containers which are used all over
the country to collect waste.

   The Save-a-Cup scheme was set up by the vending and plastics industries to
recycle as many as possible of the three-and-a-half billion polystyrene cups
used each year. At the moment 500 million polycups are collected, processed
and sold on to other businesses, such as Waterford, which turns the cups into
~. and Johnson & Jones, a Welsh-based firm, which has developed a wide
variety of items, including business cards.

   Well, to sum up, there seems to be plenty of research going on into how to
re-use materials, but the biggest problem is getting people to think about
recycling instead of throwing things away. At least doing the research made us
much more careful.
Tapescripts

                              TEST 4

SECTION 1

ADVISER:     Good morning, how can I help you?                                                 Example
STUDENT:     Good morning. Umm, I understand you help fix up students with host                Ql
             families.                                                                         Q2
ADVISER:     That's right ... are you interested in ...?                                       Q3
STUDENT:     Yes . ..
ADVISER:     Well please sit down and I'll just take a few details.                            Q4
STUDENT:     Thank you.                                                                        Q5
ADVISER :    Right now .. . what name is it?
STUDENT:     Jenny Chan.
ADVISER:     Can you spell that please?
STUDENT:     Yes . .. J-E-N-N-Y C-H-A-N .
ADVISER:     Right ... and what is your present address?
STUD EN T:   Sea View Guest House, 14 Hill Road.
ADVISER:     OK, and do you know the phone number there?
STUD ENT:    Yes . .. I have it here, ummm .. . 2237676, but I'm only there after about 7 pm.
ADVISER :    So when would be the best time to catch you?
STUDENT:     I suppose between 9 and. let me see. half-past, before I leave for the college.
ADVISER:     Great ... and can I ask you your age?
STUDENT:     I've just had my nineteenth birthday.
ADVISER :    And how long would you want to stay with the host family?
STUDENT:     I'm planning on staying~ but at the moment I'm definitely here for
             four months only. I have to get an extension to my permit.
ADVISER:     You're working on it? Fine ... and what will be your occupation while
             you're in the UK?
STUDENT :    Studying English?
ADVISER :    And what would you say your level of English is?
STUD ENT:    Umm. Good, I think I'd like to say 'advanced' but my written work is
             below the level of my spoken, so I suppose it's intermediate.
ADVISER:     Certainly your spoken English is advanced. Anyway, which area do you
             think you would prefer?
STUDENT:     Ummm, well I'm studying right in the centre but I'd really like to live in
             the north-west.
ADVIS ER:    That shouldn't be a great problem . .. we usually have lots of families up
             there.

ADVISER: And do you have any particular requirements for diet?

STUDENT: Well, I'm nearly a vegetarian .. . not quite.                                         Q6

ADVISER : Shall I say you are? It's probably easier that way.

STUDENT: That would be best.

146
                                                                                               Test4

ADVISER: Anything about your actual room?

STUDENT: I would prefer my own facilities - 'en suite', is that right? And also if it's

possible a TV and I'd also like the house to have a real garden rather than                    Q7

just a yard, somewhere I could sit and be peaceful.

ADVISER : Is that all?

STUDENT: Well ... I'm really serious about improving my English so I'd prefer to be

the only guest if that's possible?                                                             QB

ADVISER: No other guests . .. Yes, you get more practice that way. Anyway, obviously

all this is partly dependent on how much you're willing to pay. What did you

have in mind?

STUDENT: I was thinking in terms of about £60-£80 a week, but I'd go up to a hundred Q9

if it was something special.

ADVISER : Well I don't think we'd have any problems finding something for you.

STUDENT: Oh, good.

ADVISER : And when would you want it for?

STUDENT : I'd like to move in approximately two weeks.

ADVISER: Let me see, it's the lOth today ... so if we go for the Monday it's the

23rd March.                                                                                    QJO

STUDENT : Yes.

ADVISER : Right ... good, and if I could ask one last question . ..

SECTION 2

Good evening everyone and thank you for coming to the Soccer Club meeting. It's good to
see so many parents and children here tonight, and I know you are looking forward to a great
football season. Now I'd like to take a few minutes to tell you about some changes to the
Soccer Club for the coming season.

Now, this season we'll be playing all our matches for both the junior and senior competitions
at King's Park, instead of Royal Park, which was used last season.

Now for meetings, we're going to use the clubhouse in King's Park, and the next meeting Ql 1
will be held in the clubhouse on the 2nd of July.

As usual, we hope to begin the season with a~ next Saturday at the clubhouse. Please QJ2
try and come to the picnic as it's always good fun. The last week of the season we usually
have a dinner and presentation of~ to the players, and more information about this QJ3
will be given to you later in the season.

This season we have more teams than ever. We hope to have~ teams, instead of five, in          Ql4
the junior competition and they will play on Saturday mornings, beginning at 8.30 a.m.         Ql 5
Training sessions will be held in King's Park on Wednesday afternoons for the juniors
and they will be wearing red shirts again this year.                                                147
Tape scripts

In the senior competition, there'll be four teams, the same as last year, and their games will QJ6

be played on Saturday afternoons starting at 2.30, no sorry, it will be a 2 o'clock start, and

the training session for seniors is planned for Sunday afternoons.                              Q17

Now I'd like to introduce you to the new committee for the Soccer Club for this season.
Firstly, let me welcome Robert Young, the new President, who will manage the meetings for
the next two years. Robert's son has been playing football with the club for over five years
now, and many thanks to Robert for taking on the job of President.

Next we have Gina Costello, she's the treasurer, and she will collect the fees from you for Q18
the season. Please try and give Gina your fees as early as possible in the season, as the
club needs the money to buy some new equipment.

Then there's David West who has volunteered to be the club secretary, and one of the many

jobs he will have is to send out newsletters to you regularly. If you have any information      Q19

that may be useful, please let David know so that it can be included in these newsletters.

Also I'd like to introduce you to Jason Dokic who is the Head Coach. For all the new

members here tonight, this is the third year that Jason has been with us as Head Coach,

and we are very lucky to have such an experienced coach and former player at our club.

He will continue to supervise the teams, at training sessions and on match days.                Q20

Now before we finish and have some refreshments, does anyone have any questions
they'd like to ask the new committee?

SECTION 3

TUTOR : Right, Jason and Karin, now I asked you to look at the case study for Box
             Telecom as part of your exam assessment. It's interesting because they are in the
             middle of problems at the moment and I want you to track how they deal with
             them. Let's start with you, Karin. Having read through the case study, can you
             just summarise what the problems were that Box Telecom had to take on board?

KARIN: Urn, yeah ... Well of course what first came to their attention was that, despite
             a new advertising campaign, they were suffering from falling sales - and this is Q2 1
             something that had many causes. On top of that immediate problem, what had
             also happened over the last two years was that, although they had invested in an
             expansion plan, they had to face up to increased competition. And, before they Q22
             had a chance to get to grips with the effects of that, they were stalled by a strike
             and it was just when they were thinking about making a colossal investment in
             new machinery for their plants. So they were really in trouble.

TUTOR: Yes, I think that's fair. And Jason, you contacted the company, didn't you?
             What did the company define as the reasons for these problems?

148
                                                                                               Test4

JASON: Well, I think they've hit on the right things- it would be easy to say they had

         invested too heavily, or at the wrong time, but in fact the signs were good and

         what they were set back by was high interest rates. At the same time, their           Q23

         longer-term problems, which were affecting their market share, were eventually

         credited to poor training - and having looked at the details in their last report Q24

         I think that's right.

TUTOR:   So, onto the larger issues then. Karin, what do you think the company will do?
KARIN :
TUTOR :  Hmm ... Well, obviously they have the choice of accepting the very favourable

JASON:   terms that another company- KMG Plc - have given them to buy them out.
TUTOR:
         That would mean creating a new company with a new image. Or they could
KARIN :
JASON:   decide on a bolder move and offer some new shares if they wanted. But I think

TUTOR:   they're much more cautious than that and expect they will start trying to find        Q25

         individuals who'd be prepared to back them with some of the capital they need.

         Well, you mustn't always assume that dramatic problems require dramatic

         solutions. Sometimes there's a simple fix such as changing the guy at the top.

         If they truly are cautious, then I suspect they will seek to shut down some of

         their shops. But a more ambitious approach , and one which I think would

         have mpre chance of success, would be to alter how they're running things - the Q26

         management layers and the processes. So in your analysis try to think of all

         the options. Jason?

         Yes, it's interesting because I've found it a really useful company to study. Its

         problems cross all types of industries and it's lucky it's so big- a smaller or even

         medium-sized company would have gone under by now.

         Ah well in fact, what I want you two to do is to go away when we've finished

         our discussion today and write a report. We've looked in general at the

         telecommunications market in the UK over the last few sessions and I want

         you to take Box Telecom as an example and suggest some ways in which                  Q27

         they might overcome their problems. And outline the reasons why you

         think as you do- but try and keep it intrinsic to the company rather than

         dragging in other examples. Is that OK, Karin?

         Yes, I think I can do that. Personally I've got great hopes for it. I think it        Q28

         will recover. That advertising campaign they did was very strong and they're

         very innovative with their products- they set new trends. The company's got

         to recover, don't you think, Jason?

         Hrnmm- I'm not sure. I think it can but it's not a foregone conclusion unless

         they manage to attract the right level of investment . The company definitely         Q29

         needs a boost and to attract more highly skilled workers if their recovery is to be

         long-lasting. When I was talking to the marketing manager he said to me that he

         thinks the company had got a great management team - but he would say that,

         wouldn't he?- but they are suffering from having to work with outdated production

         machinery and that could cost a lot to put right.

         Well, personally I think the stock market is to blame. I think they were

         expecting too much of the company and then inevitably it looked bad when

         it didn't perform. The market should have had more realistic expectations.

                                                                                                    149
Tapescripts

     And I disagree with you about the advertising campaign Karin. That's                        Q30

     where they could do with some innovation- to get sales kick-started.

     Anyway, let's see what you come up with . . . [fade]

SECTION 4

OK, are you all settled? Well, first of all, welcome to Cardiff University. I'm here to explain
what we can offer you.

Now, as a new student at the university, you will probably need some sort of guidance to
help you to use the library effectively to study and research. Some of you have asked
about a guided tour but we find this rather muddles people. So, in this first week. we run a Q31
series of talks which focus on different aspects of the library and its resources. You'll also
find that to get the most out of the library you really do need to be computer literate and
so all this term we run small classes which will bring you up to speed on how to access the
computer-loaded information.

OK, now let me give you an outline of what's available to you. You'll find that the computers

are increasingly used as a research tool. Many students do most of their research on the

internet and the library computers are permanently online. Having found what you need,

you'll find you can readily save texts on your personal computer space to print ofT when

you need. You might think that it is the fastest way to get information but the links can

be slow. Clearly you can find lots on there but much of it is useless information as it is       Q32

from highly debatable sources- so be critical. You'll also find that the library has loaded

several CD-ROMS onto the computers from specialist reference sources such as the MLA.

It means we can expand what we offer you at very little extra cost and saves us having to        Q33

invest in more and more books. The CD-ROMS contain exactly the same information as

the reference books as the two are updated together.

Now most of you will need to refer to journal articles in your work and you'll find you can
also access these online and we encourage you to do so.

Clearly some of you will find the printed version more accessible as it sits on the shelves but Q34

I'm afraid the intention is to phase these out eventually. However, you will still be able to

print ofT a version of the text rather than photocopying the journal pages. So you must get

used to working online. Naturally we do still have the full range of classic reference books,

additional to the CD-ROMS, for you to use and there are several copies of each one. This is

because some of you may prefer to borrow a book rather than sit in the library. There is a Q35

restricted loan time on these so that they are not missing from the shelves for too long.

Although there is a Section Manager for each part of the library, they are very busy and so,

if you do get stuck looking for things, you should ask the relevant Cataloguing Assistant.

As your Training Supervisor, I just oversee your induction and will not be around after          Q36

this initial week.

150
                                                                                            Test4

Some of you may be interested to know that the library is offering specialised training

sessions on writing a dissertation. Obviously this is not relevant to those of you who are

undergraduates; it is just for postgraduates. Your department will discuss the planning

stage of the dissertation- i.e. what you're going to do- with you and we will focus on the

structure of it. However, the training will also include some time on the computers.        Q37

I realise most of you know how to organise files but we can show you the different          Q37

ways to run data programmes. Your tutors will tell you at the outset how to set out the

chapters they require but you will need to ask them how they would like you to organise Q38

the bibliography because it varies depending on your subject area. When you've got          Q39

something together the trainer here will look through the draft version for you to see

if it's OK. And, one final point, for those of you who have registered from abroad,

we can offer individual sessions on dissertations if you feel you need them. llYm!          Q40

require language lessons then they are available from the International Centre next

to the Law Department.

                                                                                                 151
Answer key

                                       TEST 1

LISTENING

Section I, Questions 1-10              Section 3, Questions 21-30

 1 by minibus I a minibus              21 B
 2 15115 people                        22 A
 3 April (the) 18th
 4 Pallisades                          23 c
 5-6 IN EITHER ORDER
                                       24 & 25 IN EITHER ORDER
       B                                      B
       D                                      D
 7 280
 8 14                                  26 full-time
 9 20 %                                27 a term I one term
10 39745T                              28 intensive
                                       29 two modules I (for) two terms
Section 2, Questions 11-20 .           30 a topic I one topic

11 move around I move about            Section 4, Questions 31-40
12 brakes
13 fingers                             31 politics
14 satisfactory                        32 learn
15 put (it) together                   33 children's education I their children's education
16 too wide                            34 a car
17 dangerous                           35 nursing care
18 wheels                              36 crisis
19 (the) best I (the) best buy I safe  37 early twenties
20 sharp                               38 confidence
                                       39 money management
                                       40 low-risk investments

If you score . . .                     14-28                            29-40

 0-13                                  you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                       score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get        conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under             that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we         more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a            you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

152
                                                                  Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage I, Questions 1-13   20 B
                                    21 D
 1-3 IN ANY ORDER
      D                             22 c
     E
      G                             23 NOTGIVEN
                                    24 TRUE
 4 clerks I copying clerks          25 FALSE
 5 library                          26 FALSE
 6 stability
 7 pens10n                          Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
 8 TRUE
 9 FALSE                            27 YES
10 NOTGIVEN                         28 NOTGIVEN
11 FALSE                            29 NO
12 FALSE                            30 NOTGIVEN
13 TRUE                             31 YES
                                    32 NO
Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26
                                    33 c
14 F
15 A                                34 D
16 B
17 D                                35 c
18 I
                                    36 B
19 c                                37 B
                                    38 E
                                    39 D
                                    40 I

If you score ...                 12-29                            30-40

 0-11                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
examination conditions and we    more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving·your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                        153
Answer key

                                TEST 2

LISTENING

Section 1, Questions 1-10                      Section 3, Questions 21-30

 1 (passport) photos I (passport) photographs  21 home I student's home
 2 (a) bank statement                          22 (have) dinner I come to dinner I go to dinner
 3 125 (per year)                              23 technical
 48                                            24 slang
 5 1.50                                        25 cooperating I cooperation
 6 48                                          26 persuading
 7 local papers I local newspapers             27 editing
 8 (a) card I cards                            28 complete
 9 Grantingham                                 29 experiment
10 Friday                                      30 long

Section 2, Questions 11-20                     Section 4, Questions 31-40

ll c                                           31 58
12 c                                           32 desert
                                               33 science
13 A                                           34 hospital I small hospital
                                               35 ship
14 c                                           36 platforms
                                               37 3.500
15 A                                           38 currents I ocean currents
16 £75,000                                     39 (the) pollution
                                               40 young
17 computers
18-20 IN ANY ORDER

     c

       E
       F

If you score .•.

0-12                            13-27                            28-40

you are highly unlikely to get  you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
an acceptable score under       score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

154
                                                                 Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13   21 problem solving
                                    22 temporal lobes
 1 candlewax                        23 evaluating information
 2 synthetic
 3 chemistry                        24 c
 4 Novalak
 5 fillers                          25 A
 6 hexa                             26 F
 7 raw                              27 D
 8 pressure
 9B                                 Reading Passage 3, Questions 28-40

10 c                                28 Latin
                                    29 doctors
11 TRUE                             30 & 31 IN EITHER ORDER
12 FALSE
13 FALSE                                    technical vocabulary
                                           grammatical resources
Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-27  32 Royal Society
                                    33 German
14 FALSE                            34 industrial revolution
15 NOTGIVEN                         35 NOTGIVEN
16 TRUE                             36 FALSE
17 FALSE                            37 TRUE
18 TRUE                             38 popular
19 NOTGIVEN                         39 Principia I the Principia I Newton's Principia I
20 TRUE                                    mathematical treatise
                                    40 local I more local I local audience

If you score ...

0-12                            13- 29                           30-40

you are highly unlikely to get  you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
an acceptable score under       score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

                                                                 155
Answer key

                                 TEST 3.

LISTENING

Section I, Questions 1-10        Section 3, Questions 21-30

 I 1.4 litres I 1.4 liters       21 5th May
 2 automatic                     22 16th July I Friday 16th July
 3 light I sky                   23 clear I was clear
 4 credit                        24 (an/the) outline I (a/the) course outline
 5 Harries                       25 (the) 2nd half
 6 Dr I Doctor                   26 (standard of) teaching I (standard of) teachers
 7 Alton                         27 discussion I group discussion
 8 messages                      28 handouts
 9 Lion                          29 written work
10 reasonable                    30 student support I support for students

Section 2, Questions I1-20       Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 & 12 IN EITHER ORDER          31 12.5 %
                                 32 incineration plants
    c                            33 drop-off
                                 34 cooking
        E                        35 500,000
13 references                    36 roads
14 country                       37 so il conditioner
15 weather                       38 containers
                                 39 pencils
16 c
17 c                             40 business cards

18 A
19 B

20 c

If you score ...

0- 13                            14-28                            29-40

you are highly unlikely to get   you may get an acceptable        yo u are likely to get an
an acceptable score under        score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we    conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a       that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your       more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before yo u take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

156
                                                                 Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13   20 NO
                                    21 YES
 1D                                 22 NOTGIVEN
 2B                                 23 YES
                                    24 F
3c                                  25 A
                                    26 B
 4E
 5B                                 Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
 6D
 7A                                 27 E
 8B                                 28 B
 9D                                 29 A
                                    30 F
10 c                                31 B
                                    32 NOTGIVEN
11 TRU E                            33 FALSE
12 FALSE                            34 NOTGIVEN
13 NOTGIVEN                         35 TRUE
                                    36 FALSE
Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26  37 TRUE
                                    38 B
14 IV                               39 A
15                                  40 D
16 V
17 Vlll
18 YES
19 NOT GIVEN

If you score ...

0-ll                            12- 28                           29-40

you are highly unlikely to get  you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
an acceptable score under       score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

                                                                        157
Answer key

                                             TEST 4

LISTENING

Section I, Questions 1-10                    Section 3, Questions 21-30

 1 14 Hill Road                              21 sales
 2 between 9 and 9.30 I 9- 9.30              22 competition
 3 I year                                    23 interest rates I rates of interest
 4 intermediate                              24 training
 5 North-West                                25 A
 6 vegetarian                                26 B
 7 (a) (real) garden                         27 A
 8 (the) only guest
                                             28 c
 9 lOO
10 23rd March I Monday 23rd March            29 B
                                             30 D

Section 2, Questions 11-20                   Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 clubhouse                                 31 B
12 piCniC                                    32 A
13 prizes                                    33 A
14 10
15 Wednesday afternoon(s)                    34 c
16 4
17 Sunday afternoon( s)                      35 A
18 collect (the) fees I collect (the) money  36 B
19 send (out/the) newsletter(s)              37 B
20 supervise (the) teams                     38 A
                                             39 B

                                             40 c

lf you score . . .

0- 12                            13- 27                           28~0

yo u are highly unlikely to get  you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
an acceptable score under        score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we    conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a       that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your       more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.   you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

158
                                                                         Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13        21 K

 Im                                      22 E
 2V
 3 11                                    23 L
 4 YES                                   24 TRUE
 5 YES                                   25 NOT GIVEN
 6 NO                                    26 FALSE
 7 YES
 8 NO                                    Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
 9 NOTGIVEN
10 cheese                                27 TRUE
11 tourism/tourist/tour                  28 TRUE
12 pottery                               29 NOTGIVEN
13 jewelleryljewelry                     30 FALSE
                                         31 FALSE
Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26
                                         32 TRUE
14 G
15 A                                     33 FALSE
16 H                                     34 temperatures
                                         35 day-neutral I day-neutral plants
17 c                                     36 food I food resources I adequate food I

18 F                                            adequate food resources
19 I                                     37 insects I fertilization by insects
                                         38 rainfall I suitable rainfall
20 c                                     39 sugarcane
                                         40 classification

If you score ...

0- 12                           13 - 28                          29 -40

you are highly unlikely to get  you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
an acceptable score under       score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

                                                                                     159
Answer key

            GENERAL TRAINING TEST A

READING

Section 1, Questions 1-14        20 NOTGIVEN
                                 21 J
 1 NOTGIVEN                      22 K
 2 NOTGIVEN                      23 E
 3 FALSE                         24 A
 4 NOTGIVEN                      25 G
 5 TRUE                          26 I
 6 FALSE
 7 FALSE                         27 c
 8X
 9                               Section 3, Questions 28-40
10 V
11 11                            28 A
12 IX
13 IV                            29 c
14 Vlll
                                 30 E
Section 2, Questions 15-27       31 F
                                 32 B
15 FALSE                         33 G
16 NOTGIVEN                      34 E
17 TRUE                          35 D
18 FALSE                         36 NOTGIVEN
19 TRUE                          37 TRUE
                                 38 FALSE
                                 39 FALSE
                                 40 TRUE

If you score ...                 17-28                            29-40

 0-16                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that·different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

160
                                                                          Answer key

         GENERAL TRAINING TEST B

READING

Section I, Questions 1-14                     17 NOT GIVEN
                                              18 TRUE
 1 Weldown                                    19 FALSE
 2 10.30 (am)                                 20 FALSE
 3 new shoes
 4 (the) marshals                             21 c
 5 Fenton
 6 every half hour                            22 A
 7 10 kilometre (walk) I 10 kilometer (walk)  23 D
 8D                                           24 E
 9F                                           25 B
10 IN EITHER ORDER; BOTH REQUIRED             26 D

       FOR ONE MARK                           27 c
       C (and)
       E                                      Section 3, Questions 28-40
11 G
12 E                                          28 D
13 IN EITHER ORDER,· BOTH REQUIRED            29 B
       FOR ONE MARK                           30 A
       D (and)                                31 B
       G                                      32 E
14 A
                                              33 c
Section 2, Questions 15-27
                                              34 NOT GIVEN
IS TRUE                                       35 FALSE
16 TRUE                                       36 NOT GIVEN
                                              37 TRUE
                                              38 FALSE
                                              39 TRUE
                                              40 TRUE

If you score ...                 18- 29                           30-40

0-17                             you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are highly unlikely to get  conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                 •

                                                                                                       161
Model and sample answers for Writing
tasks

TEST 1, WRITING TASK 1

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

162
                                                                Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST 1, WRITING TASK 2

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 4 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   lt is difficult to find the main arguments in this answer. There are long, formulaic introductions,
   not many ideas that deal with the actual issues and the writer's point of view is not consistent.
   The prompt is copied directly three times in the response and the remainder is underlength at
   181 words, so marks are lost for this.

      The response is organised into sections, but the relationship between ideas is not always
   clear and the linking expressions are sometimes inaccurate, as in the opening paragraph, or
   used in a mechanical way, as in the second paragraph .

      The dependence on formulaic language and the input material indicates a limited range of
   vocabulary and there is a lot of repetition and inaccuracy. A range of structures is attempted,
   but control is weak. Errors in grammar and punctuation are frequent and cause problems for the
   reader.

   Accov-d-1n5 to u.n1vev-s~t~es sY-ou.lJ o.ccept ecz;u.o.l nu.I'I\Dev-s of 1'1\o.le o.nci-

   fel'l\o.le stu.Jents 1n evev-lj su.bject TY-ev-efov-e tv,1s essO.lj w1ll sY-ow sol'l\e
                                                                                                                                                      1

   v-eo.sons of o.v-__su.l'l\ent fov- o.nd- o.v-__su.l'l\ent 0_30.1nst

       F1v-stllj1 I w1ll ci-IScu.ss o.bou.t two v-eo.sons of o.v-__su.l'l\ent fov- to be__s1n

   w1tv, u.r11vev-s~t~es sY-ou.lJ o.ccept ecz;u.o.l nu.l'l\bev-s of 1'1\o.le o.nd- fel'l\o.le
   stu.ci-ents 1n evev-lj su.bject beco.u.se 1t w1ll be bo.lo.nce of deo. wY-1le
   stu.ci-lj1n3 In 3enev-o.l1 tv,ev-e u.su.o.ll!j o.v-e J 1ffev-ent deo.s between 1'1\o.n
   o.nd- woi'I\O.n TY-ese leo.J to1 new deo.s fv-ol'l\ J1ffev-ent v1S1on w 1ll Y-o.ppen
   AMtv,ey- v-eo.son 1S 1t J~splo.!j tv,o.t Y-o.ve ecz;u.o.l of soc1etlj !'lOt eccept 1n
   eo.cY- sde In o.JJ~t~on 1 Mwo.d-o.~js1 tv,e 1'1\ost sooet1es becol'l\e to o.ccept

   o.b1l1tlj of botv, 1n O.nlj wO.lj

      Second-l~j 1 I w1ll J1scu.ss o.bou.t we v-eo.son of o.v-3u.l'l\ent 0._30.1nst tv,o.t
   1S sol'l\e su.bjects !'lOt su.1to.ble fov- eo.cY- otv,ev- Fov- exo.l'l\ple1 sol'l\e su.bject

   of spods su.ch o.s we5ht pu.tt1n3 It 1S !'lOt su.1to.ble fov- fel'l\o.le

   beco.u.se tv,ev-e o.v-e J1ffev-ent of bod-!j between 1'1\o.le o.nd- fel'l\o.le
      In conclu.s1on I 0_3v-ee w 1tv, u.n1vev-s~t~es shou.lci- o.ccept ecz;u.o.l nu.I'I\Dev-s

                                                      1

   of 1'1\o.le o.nd- fel'l\o.le stu.Jents 1n eve.v-lj su.bject Mov-eovev-1 1t Jepen on
   who.t tv,e su.bjects tho.t The stu.Jents wo.nt to stu.ci-lj1 tv,elj co.n choose

   blj tv,el'l\selve beco.u.se I bel1eve tv,o.t 1f tv,e stu.Jents ltKe. to stu.d-!j

  The.1v- su.bjects tv,elj wdl d-o 1t well so tv,o.t I stv-on._5llj 0_3v-ee w1tv, tv,1s
                                                1

   top1c

                                                                                                                           163
Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST 2, WRITING TASK I

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 8 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer summarises the key features of both charts and integrates them well. Clear trends
   are identified and supported with appropriately-selected figures. The answer could only be
   improved by adding an introduction to the general topic of the charts.

      The information is well organised, with a clearlycsignalled progression . Linking words are
   used accurately and precisely, although there is occasional omission. Paragraphing is used well
   initially, but lapses in the later section .

      A very good range of vocabulary is used to convey the information concisely and accurately
   with only occasional inappropriacy. Words are used precisely and there are no errors in spelling
   or word form.

      A wide range of structures is used and most sentences in this answer are accurate. Errors
   are rare and do not affect communication in this answer.

  The fi(<;>t g(o..ph ':>hov':> tho..t the(e i':> o.. g(o..duo..l decfeo..':>e ir.
  <;>tudy fo( co..(ee( (eo..':>or.<;> vith o..ge. Neo..(\y 80~o of <;>tuder.t<;>
  ur.de( 16 yeo..(':>, <;>tudy fo( thei( co..reer Thi':> pe(cer.to..ge
  gro..duo..lly dec.lir.es by 1D-10~o every deco..d..e. Or.ly 4-0~o of
  4-Q-4-9yr o\ds o..r.d.. 18~o of ove( 4-9yr o\ds o..(e studyir.g for co..reer
  reo..sor.s ir. lo..te o..du\thood .

      Corwersely, the first gro..ph o..lso shovs tho..t study stemmir.g
  f(om ir.terest ir.c.reo..ses vith o..ge . There o..(e or.ly 10~o of ur.der
  16yr olds studyir.g out of ir.terest . The pe(cer.to..ge ir.creo..ses
  slovly till the begir.r.ir.g of the fourth dec.o..de, o..r.d ir.c.reo..ses
  dro..mo.. tic.o..lly ir. lo..te o..dulthood . Neo..(\y so..me r.umber of 4-Q-4-9yr
  olds study for co..reer o..r.d ir.terest . Hovever 70~o of ove( 4-9y(
  o\ds study for ir.te(est ir. c.ompo..risor. to 18~o studyir.g fo( co..(ee(
  reo..sor.s ir. tho..t o..ge group .

      The sec.or.d gro..ph shovs tho..t employer support is mo..ximum
  (o..pproximo..tely bO~o) for the ur.der 16yr studer.ts . It drops
  ro.. pidly to 3l~o up to the third dec.o..de of life, o..r.d ther.
  ir.C(eo..ses ir. \o..te o..dulthood.. up to o..bout 4-4-~o It is ur.c.\eo..(
  vhether employer support is or.ly for co..reer-focused study, but
  the highest \eve\ is for those studer.ts vho mo..ir.ly study for
  co..reer purposes.

164
      Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST 2, WRITING TASK 2

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

· lt is quite common these days for young people in many countri~s to have a break
· from studying after graduating fromitfligh school. The trend is ru>t restricted' to rich ·
· students who h~'le the money to travel, but is also evident among poorer students

 who cho,ose to w~rk and bec;ome economically indeRendent for a: period of time.

"The reasons for this trend may involve the recognition that a young adult who

   pa~ses directly from school to university is rather restricted in terms of general

   knowledge and experience of the world. By contrast, those who have spent some

" ·time earning a living or travelling to other places, have a broader view of life an(j

better personal resources to draw on. They·tend to be more jndependerit, whic!'l is · .

. a very Important factor in academic study and research, as weU as giving them an •
   advantage in ~erms· of coping with the·challenges _of student life.
                                                                        '       ·

.  .

                                                                                              165
M odel and sample answers fo r Writing task s

TEST 3, WRITING TASK 1

MODEL AN SWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as a n example of a very good answer. H owever, please
note th at this is just o ne exam ple o ut of many possible app roaches.

The map shows two proposed locations f.or a new supermarket for the town of
Garlsdon.

The first potential location (51) is outside the town itself~ and is sited just off the

main road to the town of Hindon, lying 12 kms to the north-west. This site is in the

countryside and so would be able to accommodate a lot of car parking. This would

make it accessible to shoppers from both Hindon and Garlsdon who could travel by

car. As it is also close to the railway line linking the two towns to Cransdon (25 km

· to t~e south-east), a potentially large number of shoppers would also be able to

travel by train.                                                                         '

 In contrast, the suggested location, 52, is right in the town centre, which would be
 good for local residents. Theoretically the store could be accessed by road or rail
 from the surrounding towns, Including Bransdon, but as the central area is a
 nQ-traffic zone, cars wo.uld be unable to park and ·access would be difficult.

Overall, neither site is appropriate for an the towns, but for customers jn Cransdon, .

. Hindon and Garlsdon, the out-of-town site (51) would probably offer more
· advantages.

166
                                                                Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST 3, WRITING TASK 2

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   Although the answer considers the main issues in the question , it deals much more with the
   aspect of 'competition' than it does with 'co-operation'. Some of the supporting examples are
   overdeveloped and divert the reader away from the argument. However, the main points are
   relevant and the writer's point of view is generally clear.

      The argument has a logical progression and there is some good use of linking expressions,
   though the use of rhetorical questions to signal topic changes is not very skilful. There are also
   examples of overusing markers, and of errors in referencing.

      The candidate tries to use a range of language, but there are regular errors in word choice
   and word form, and this occasionally causes problems for the reader. Similarly, a range of
   structures is attempted, but not always with good control of punctuation or grammar. However,
   the meaning is generally clear.

   NmA.JO.cl-~A'js, pur-pose of ecl-u.c~A~~on be1n3 .ci-I~An3ecl- 1n i<.or-e~A Ther-e ~Ar-e SOIV\e people wl-lo

    Th 1nK "Th~At coiV\pe~~t~on 1n cl-l~ldr-en sl-lou.lcl- be IV\~Ade, ~Also otl-lev-s bel.eve ti-I~At cl-l1ldr-en
    wi-le ~Ar-e t~Au.3l-lt to co-oper-~Ate ~As well ~AS becoiV\e IV\or-e u.sefu.l ~Adults Tl-ler-e ~Ar-e

   ~Adv~Ant~A3es o.nd d1S~Adv~Ant~A3es for- bo-Th of ti-le IAY"_5u.eiV\ents
      To be31n w1"Th, wi-I~At 1S 3oocl- 1f ~A sense of coiV\pet~~~on 1n cl-l 1ldr-en 1S IV\~Ade? The'j

    cou.lcl- develope "TheiV\selves IV\or-e ~And- IV\or-e ~As tl-le'j le~Ar-n ~And- stu.cl-'j ~A lot to w1n
    fr-oiV\ The coiV\pe~~~~on To pr-ove "Th1s, 1n i<.or-e~A , 1t 1S populor- - even coiV\IV\on now - ""t-o
    I-I~Ave ~A tu.tor- wl-lo coiV\e to student's l-lou.se to te~Acl-l e><tr-~A p1eces of stu.cl-'j w 1Th
    p~A'j 1n3 ~A lot of IV\one'j Tl-le'j le~Ar-n f~Aster- fi-I~An wi-I~At tl-le'j le~Ar-n ~At scl-lool
    Fu.r-"Ther-IV\or-e, cl-u.v-1n3 The v~Ac~At1ons, students stu.d'j ~Abr-o~Ad to le~Ar-n E.n3l~sl-l for- CA
    IV\onTh 1nste~Acl- of r-ev1se scl-lool wov-K I f tl-le'j I-I~Ave e><per-11V\en"ts Su.cl-l ~AS s"tu.cl-'j

   IADY"o~Ad, 1t 1S one of The 3r-e~Atest plu.s po1n"t to 3o "to ti-le f~AIV\ou.s well -Known 1-1~1-1-

    scl-lool Mor-eover-, tl-ler-e ~Ar-e fou.r- b~ scl-lool e><~AIV\ ~And two n~At1on~Al e><IAIV\In~A~Ions to

   test students' level of stu.cl-1es ~ener-~All'j, ·onl'j The 1-1~\-\est 40.Y. clAn 3o to The 3oocl-

    '}'u.~Al1t'j 1-1~\-\scl-lools ~And colle3es c.l-l1ldr-en le~Aro ~As IV\u.cl-l ~As The'j c~An, "to w1n The

   coiV\pet~~~on to obt~A1n 3ood- '}'u.~Allt'j scl-lools

        On The ofner- I-I~Ancl-, ~As The'j ~Ar-e bu.s'j to enter- The scl-lools ~And stu.d'j lncl-lv lcl-u.~All'j
    w1Th The1r- own tu.tor-s, tl-ler-e ~Ar-e pr-obleiV\s Tl-le'j becoiV\e self1sl-l Tl-le'j becoiV\e c~Ar-eless
    ~And dol"\ 't l-lelp ofner-s ~Alot 1f 1t 1S ~About stu.cl- 1es Tl-le.-e w1ll be no co-oper-~Atlons for-
    TheiV\ Tl-len, wl-l'j ~Ar-e Ther-e coiV\p~An1es for- IV\~An'j people to wor-K 1n? E.~Acl-l of TheiV\ ~Ar-e
    clever-, l-lowever-, Ther-e ~Ar-e we~AK p~Ar-ts ~And str-on3 p~Ar-ts for- e~Acl-l per-son To co-
    oper-~Ate 1S to 11V\pr-ove Th1s p~Ar-t People t~AlK ~And l1s"ten to wi-I~At otl-ler-s Th1nK1n.3 of ~Ancl­
    le~Aro TI-I~At cou.ld ~Also be ~A 3r-e~At oppodu.n1t'j to le~Ar-n 1nste~Ad of le~Ar-n1n3 ~Alone w1Th
    one -t"e~Acl-ler-

        In conclu.s1on, I sfr-on3l':\ a:sr-ee w1Th Th~At cl-l~lcl-r-en sl-lou.lcl- be t~Au.3l-lt to co -oper-~Ate
    r-~ATher- Th~An coiV\pete Nobocl,'j 1S per-fect People le~Ar-n to3etl-ler-, wor-K to3eTher- ""t-o
    develop e~Acl-l oTher- Ther-efor-e , I wa.nt p~Ar-ents ~And- te~Acl-ler-s to ecl-u.c~Ate cl-l~lcl-r-en
    concentr-~At1n3 on co -oper-~Atlon, not CoiV\pete ~And- Y"~AnK1n3 TheiV\

                                                                                                                        167
M ode! and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST 4, WRITING TASK 1

SAMPLE ANSWER
This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 7 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer selects and describes the information well. Key features are clearly identified, while
   unexpected differences are highlighted and illustrated . The answer is relevant and accurate with
   a clear overview.

      Information is well-organised using a good range of signals and link words. These are
   generally accurate and appropriate, although occasional errors occur.

      The writer successfully uses some less common words. There is a clear awareness of style
   but there are occasional inaccuracies and there is some repetition . Grammar is well-controlled
   and sentences are varied and generally accurate with only minor errors.

   The table shows the details resardin3 the undersround railwa'i s'istems in six
   cities.

       London has the oldest undersround railwa'i s'istems amon3 the six cities. \t

  was opened in the 'iear 1~(;3, and it is alread'i IYO 'iears old. ?aris is the second
  oldest, in which it was opened in the 'iear 1900. This was then f'ollowed b'i the

  openin3 of' the railwa'i s'istems in Tok'io, Washinston DC and l<'ioto. Los F\n3eles

   has the newest undersround railwa'i s'istem, and was onl'i opened in the 'iear

  ZOO!. \n terms of' the siz.e of' the railwa'i s'istems, London , f'or certain, has the
  larsest undersround railwa'i s'istems. \t has 39 Y l<ilometres of' route in total,

   which is nearl'i twice as lar3e as the s'istem in ?aris. l<'ioto, in contrast, has the

  smallest s'istem. \t onl'i has 11 kilometres of' route, which is more than 30 times

   less than that of' London.

      \~terestin3l'i, Tol<'io, which onl'i has 155 l<ilometres of' route, serves the

  sreatest number of' passensers per 'iear, at 19.27 millions passensers. The s'istem

  in ?aris has t he second sreatest number of' passensers, at 1191 millions passensers

   per 'iear. The smalest undersround railwa'i s'istem, l<'ioto, serves the smallest
   number of' passensers per 'iear as predicted.

       \n conclusion, the undersround railwa'i s'istems in dif'f'erent cities var'i a lot in
  the siz.e of' the s'istem, the number of' passensers served per 'iear and in the
  ase of' the s'istem.

168
                                                                 Model and sample answers fo r Writing tasks

TEST 4, WRITING TASK 2

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepa red by a n exa miner as a n exa mp le of a very good a nswer. However, please
no te th at this is just one exa mpl e o ut of ma ny possible approaches.

                                                                                                                         169
Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST A, WRITING TASK 1 (GENERAL TRAINING)

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that thi~ is just one example out of many possible approaches.

170
                                                                 Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST A, WRITING TASK 2 (GENERAL TRAINING)

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 7 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   The answer addresses both ideas put forward in the task, and the writer's point of view is
   clearly stated throughout. He presents relevant main ideas and draws appropriate conclusions
   from these. However, the response is unfinished and this means that some of the ideas are
   rather generalised and would need more support. The opening sentence is copied and the
   whole answer is underlength, so it loses marks for this.

      The writing has clear organisation and some sophisticated use of link words and referencing.
   However, paragraphing is not always logical as it is organised by sentences rather than topics.

      The range of vocabulary and structures is very good with a high level of control and
   precision . Complex ideas are expressed in a sophisticated way and most sentences are
   accurate. There are only rare errors, e.g . in spelling and subject/verb agreement.

  To a larf extent 1 I bel1eve that ehrldren are ~ven too mueh free
  t1me..

       Free t1me.. rn ~ oprnron refero to t1me.. not opent under the drrec.t
  ouperv1o10n of a parent 1tead"'e.r or a peroon enthruoted wrth t~
  reopono1b1lrt~ of br1n~n~ up the ehrld

       Sueh t1me.. 16 often opent on oeveral th1nf' oueh ao watchrn~
  telev1o10n, pla'd1n~ wrth fr1endo1 f1n~ to parl1eo 1 do1n~ home.. work 1
  pla~ln~ crme..o on therr own arnonCf.t othero

       Amonf't all of the above 1a ehrld eould ert~r be 1nBueneed ~
  h1o or ~r peer cy-oup eopee1all~ w~n left wrthout attent1on or be
  1nBueneed ~ what ~ or o~ watc~o on telev1o1on moot of whreh
  are thooe not meant to be v1ewed ~ t~ ehrld'o ~ o/oup

       In ~ oprnron1 moot oft~ formative 'dearo of a eh1ld ohould be
  opent dorn~ oehool work 1 encr~n~ rn reereat1onal ac.t1vrt1eo that would

  develop the eh1ld emot1onall~ and me..ntall'd I bel1eve thro otron~~

  beeauoe at a 'doun~ Ltf 1a ehrld 16 ~u1ek to cyaop moot of a~ that lo

  oeen or ~ard
       For 1notanee 1 a eh1ld who lo not uoed to dorn~ more. oehool work

  Cuouall~ refored to ao houoe work

                                                                                                                171
Model and sample answers for Writing tasks

TEST B, WRITING TASK 1 (GENERAL TRAINING)

SAMPLE ANSWER
This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 5 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   The reason for writing is very clear in this letter but it is not clear who the letter is to. The writer
   gives information to cover all three bullet points, but only one is well extended, and the whole
   response is underlength at 135 words, so it loses marks for this.

      The information is organised and it is easy to follow the message. A range of linkers is used
   across the answer and they are generally accurate, but in some places, especially the first
   paragraph, sentences are not well-linked.

      The range of vocabulary is sufficient for the task and there are some quite precise
   expressions. There are no errors in word form, but some very basic spelling errors occur. In
   terms of grammar, the range is rather limited with many very short sentences and few complex
   structures. Grammar is generally well-controlled , however, with only a few minor errors and
   occasional inappropriate punctuation.

  Dear Sir or Madam)

  M~ name · 1s. Mohamad Abdul. lam taking apart-time evening

  c.ours.e. I am .having a hard time keeping up with this. c.ours.e.

  I am af'f'raid 1 c.annot. c.ontinue the c.ours.e.

  M~ problem is.) I have a f'ull-t.ime job) f'rom 9am - 5"pm.

  Sometimes.) I am as.ked to s.t.a~ e'ICtra hours.) to f'inis.h up the
  res.t. of' the work. That. is. bec.aus.e the holida~s. are c.oming up

  s.oon. Als.o) 1 have to do s.ome work preperations. tor the ne'ICt

   da~.

  At. night ~hen I get home) I am too tired to even prepare
  adinner tor m~s.elf'. Als.o) I have no time to s.t.ud~ tor this.

  c.ours.e.

  I would like dropp this. c.ours.e this. quarter. Then take it agatn

  the ne'ICt quarter. s.o) pleas.e ac.c.ept. m~ s.ituation.

  Thank ~ou tor ~ur c.ooperati~~

   s.inc.erel~

  M. Abdul

172
                                                                    Model and sample ansJVers for Writing tasks

TEST B, WRITING TASK 2 (GENERAL TRAINING)

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

                                                                                                                         173
Sample answer sheets

Sample answer ·sheets

     eeBRITISH                r.;;. IELTS  gV  UNIVERSITYo(CAMBRIDGE
     eecOUNCIL               ~~AUSTRALIA       ESOL Examinations

     Centre number:
     Please write your name below,

     then write your six digit Candidate number In the boxes
     and shade th.e number In the grid on the right In PENCIL.

     Test date (shade ONE box for the day. ONE box for the month and ONE box for the yea r):

     Day: ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ g; ~ ~ J,g JJ, .11, ~ ~ ~ ~ ,g ~~~~M,~ l! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
     Month: ~ ~ )g .M,~~ gz, ~ ~ J,g JJ, .11, ....,.,... ..... Year: ~ ~ ~ )g ~ ~ ~ gz, ~ ~

                                           · IELTS Listening Answer Sheet

     .a::.. tELlS L-11 v4.0  01384 2AI4CZ

                                               © UCLES 2006 Photocopta hie

174
                                                                                                                                                                Sample answer sheets

Are you: Female? = Male?=

Your first language code:

                                                         IELTS Readmg Answer Sheet

 Module taken (shade ono box) :                          Academic =                                                                         General Training =
                                                                .I 1 I( 21
1                                                                         23                                                     , i'; :' '" ,i •:t·.~ I ,  f~   \ . ..I 21 I(
3
                                                                                                                                                                ;t?·-~;, '~~-'·~~~)- ~ ~~.t~ ~~~
                                                                                                                                 ,\.        • ._ ...__ ~~ _:. ~-~ ~.. :;::•.'-j :.- ~.....:...~t-.,."'1-<ff' .er~:'l1;..i_::p_:

                                                                                                                                                                23

~~a~-;:;.;:':.~;~~~~•r~.:r1·;~;:~;~;.:;:·~--:.'·t.·:·tT~~):.4.~:~-;t"\-;:..'"·',~?-"-,..-;~\,~t-::''~'·•  1·  "·}'.l~ ~  2-·8·~  ,-.:,~,:;~.t-t'~·~"""=r.-.~·~'~'"~"!·:""-·~;~;.=J,;.~.:~,>"'~-;i+s'9-·~....r.~-~if~.~l.t~;~'~i-*~''~f~' ": :·"·s '"" 2:a'~':~C>;';•ra~

                                                                                                           =

9                                                                                                                        29                                     29

11                                                                                                            11         31

13                                                                                                            13         33

                                                                                                          -~ i:" =; 14 ~~;       ;o'j ••~;

15                                                                                                            15         35                                                                               35

                                                                                                              1sg 36 -                                          .: ·,:·,:,. "" . -
                                                                                                                                                                 . i ...; . • ,. • •
17                                                                                                            17         37
                                                                                                                                                                                                      37

                                                                                                                         38

19                                                                                                            19         39                                     39

.·. .. ·. ' .2..0~:,_. :·._·,·._·:_-_';.             •·                                                       20 c;~ c~~L-~---------'-~~--~----------~. ·-'1-·L-~-·~4-0-- -=~··~.:
       .                      •'-•-..•:~  .  : . '.

                                             '·-

                                                                                                                                                            © UCLES 2006 Pho ton >pi .Jhl e
                                                                                                                                                                                                175
Acknowledgements

The authors and publishers are grateful to the following for permission to use copyright material.
While every effort has been made, it has not been possible to identify the sources to all of the
material used and in such cases the publishers would welcome information from the copyright
owners. Apologies are expressed for any omissions.

The publishers are grateful to the following for permission to reproduce copyright material:

For the adapted extract on pp. 16-17: 'Dr Johnson's Dictionary' from The Story of English by
Robert McCrum, William Cran, and Robert MacNeil. © 1986. Reproduced by permission of
Faber and Faber; for the extract on pp. 20-21: 'Nature or Nuture' from Paradigms Lost by John
L Casti. Copyright © 1989 John L Casti. Used by permission of The Warner Book Group and
John L Casti; for the extract on pp. 24-25: 'The Truth about the Environment' by Bjorn
Lomborg in The Economist 4 August 200 I, and for the extract on pp. 71-72: 'AI by another
name' in The Economist Technology Quarterly 16 March 2002. © The Economist Newspaper
Limited, London; for the extract on pp. 38- 39: 'Bakelite, The Birth of modern plastics; from
Bakelite Style by Tessa Cliuk. ©.1997 Quintet Publishing Ltd; for the extract on pp. 43-44:
'Comic Relief' by John McCrone, published in New Scientist 27 May 2000 and for the extract on
pp. 89- 90: ' Flawed Beauty', by David Cohen, published in New Scientist 22 September 2001.
© New Scientist Ltd; for the extract on pp. 48-49: 'The Development of Scientific English' from
English: History. Diversity and Change by David Graddol. © 1996 Routledge. Reproduced by
permission of Taylor & Francis Books UK; for the extract on pp. 62-63: 'Early Childhood
Education' published in Is Something Missing from Early Childhood Education? Written by
Dr Lockwood Smith. Used by kind permission of Or Lockwood Smith; for the extract on
pp. 67- 68: 'Disappearing Delta' by Laura Penvenne, published in American Scientist. Volume 84.
Used by kind permission of Laura Penvenne; for the adapted text on pp. 86-87 'A Fragile
Balance' taken from The Geographical Journal, September 1994. Used by permission of
Blackwell Publishing; for the adapted extract on pp. 109-110 ' Lack of Sleep' from The Weekend
Telegraph; November 1997. ©The Telegraph Group Limited; for the adapted extract on
pp. 123- 124: Glow-worms. Written by John Tyler. © 1994. Used by kind permission of
John Tyler.

Design concept by Peter Ducker MSTD

Cover design by John Dunne

The cassettes and audio COs which accompany this book were recorded at Studio AVP, London.

176
