Cambridge IELTS 6

Examination papers from
University of Cambridge
ESOL Examinations:
English for Speakers
of Other Languages

CAMBRIDGE ,,,:.: I

  •:• UNIVERSITY PRESS

        11
CAMBRJDGE UNIVERSITY PRESS

Cambridge, New York, Melbourne, Madrid, Cape Town, Singapore, Sao Paulo, Delhi
Cambridge University Press

I0 Hoe Chiang Road, #08-01102 Keppel Towers, Singapore 089315
www.cambridge.org
Information on this title: www.cambridge. org/9780521693073

© Cambridge University Press 2007

It is normally necessary for written permission for copying to be obtained in
advance from a publisher. The candidate answer sheets at the back of this
book are designed to be copied and distributed in class. The normal
requirements are waived here and it is not necessary to write to
Cambridge University Press for permission for an individual teacher to make
copies for use within his or her own classroom. Only those pages which carry

the wording ' © UCLES 20071Q@i:I§§.!p!DM• may be copied.

First published 2007
This China Reprint edition first published 2007

Printed in Singapore by Times Graphics Pte Ltd

A catalogue record for this publication is available from the British Library

ISBN 978-0-521-693073 Student's Book with answers
ISBN 978-0-521-693097 Cassette Set
ISBN 978-0-521-693103 Audio CD Set
ISBN 978-0-521-693080 Self-study Pack
ISBN 978-0-521-719063 Self-study Pack China Reprint edition

This special edition is for sale in mainland China only.
It is not for sale in Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan Province.
Contents

Introduction 4
Test 1 10
Test 2 33
Test 3 55
Test 4 78
General Training: Reading and Writing Test A 101
General Training: Reading and Writing Test B 114
Tapescripts 127
Answer key 151
Model and sample answers for Writing tasks 161
Sample answer sheets 173
Acknowledgements 176
Introduction

The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) is widely recognised as a
reliable means of assessing the language ability of candidates who need to study or work
where English is the language of communication. These Practice Tests are designed to give
future IELTS candidates an idea of whether their English is at the required level.

   IELTS is owned by three partners: the University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations, the
British Council and IDP: Education Australia (through its subsidiary company, IELTS
Australia Pty Limited). Further information on IELTS can be found on the IELTS website
(www.ielts.org).

WHAT IS THE TEST FORMAT?

IELTS consists of six modules. All candidates take the same Listening and Speaking
modules. There is a choice of Reading and Writing modules according to whether a
candidate is taking the Academic or General Training version of the test.

   Academic                                       · General Training
   For candidates taking the test for entry to .   For candidates taking the test for entry to
   undergraduate or postgraduate studies or        vocational or training programmes not at
   for professional reasons.                       degree level, for admission to secondary
                                                   schools and for immigration purposes.
           ·:

The test modules are taken in the following order:

                                   Listening
                             4 sections, 40 items
                         approximately 30 minutes

   Academic Reading                                   General Training Reading
   3 sections, 40 items
                                                  OR  3 sections, 40 items
        60 minutes
                                                      60 minutes

   Academic Writing                                   General Training Writing
         2 tasks
                                                  OR  2 tasks
       60 minutes
                                                      60 minutes

                             Speaking
                         11 to 14 minutes

                           Total Test Time
                         2 hours 44 minutes

4
                                                                                                           Introduction

Listening

This module consists of four sections, each with ten questions. The first two sections are
concerned with social needs. The first section is a conversation between two speakers and the
second section is a monologue. The fin al two sections are concerned with situations related
to educational or training contexts. The third section is a conversation between up to four
people and the fourth section a monologue.

   A variety of question types is used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/form/table/summary/flow-chart completion, labelling a
diagram/plan/map, classification, matching.

   Candidates hear the recording once only and answer the questions as they listen. Ten
minutes are allowed at the end for candidates to transfer their answers to the answer sheet.

Academic Reading

This module consists of three sections with 40 questions. There are three reading passages,
which are taken from magazines, journals, books and newspapers. The passages are on topics
of general interest. At least one passage contains detailed logical argument.

   A variety of question types is used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,
sentence completion, notes/summary/flow-chart/table completion, labelling a diagram,
classification, matching, choosing suitable paragraph headings from a list, identification of
writer's views/claims- yes, no, not given- or identification of information in the passage-
true, false, not given.

General Training Reading

This module consists of three sections with 40 questions. The texts are taken from notices,
advertisements, leaflets, newspapers, instruction manuals, books and magazines. The first
section contains texts relevant to basic linguistic survival in English, with tasks mainly
concerned with providing factual information. The second section focuses on the training
context and involves texts of more complex language. The third section involves reading
more extended texts, with a more complex structure, but with the emphasis on descriptive

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I

and instructive rather than argumentative texts.
   A variety of question types is used, including: multiple choice, short-answer questions,

sentence completion, notes/summary/flow-chart/table completion, labelling a diagram,
classification, matching, choosing suitable paragraph headings from a list, identification of
writer's views/claims - yes, no, not given- identification of information in the text- true,
false, not given.

Academic Writing

This module consists of two tasks. It is suggested that candidates spend about 20 minutes on
Task 1, which requires them to write at least 150 words, and 40 minutes on Task 2, which
requires them to write at least 250 words. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in
marking than Task 1.

   Task 1 requires candidates to look at a diagram or some data (graph, table or chart) and
to present the information in their own words. They are assessed on their ability to organise,
present and possibly compare data, describe the stages of a process, describe an object or
event, or explain how something works.

                                                                                                                 5
Introduction

   In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view, argument or problem. They are
assessed on their ability to present a solution to the problem, present and justify an opinion,
compare and contrast evidence and opinions, and evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence or
arguments.

   Candidates are also assessed on their ability to write in an appropriate style.

General Training Writing

This module consists of two tasks. It is suggested that candidates spend about 20 minutes on
Task 1, which requires them to write at least 150 words, and 40 minutes on Task 2, which
requires them to write at least 250 words. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in
marking than Task 1.

   In Task l candidates are asked to respond to a given problem with a letter requesting
information or explaining a situation. They are assessed on their ability to engage in
personal correspondence, elicit and provide general factual information, express needs,
wants, likes and dislikes, express opinions, complaints, etc.

   In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view, argument or problem. They are
assessed on their ability to provide general factual information, outline a problem and present a
solution, present and justify an opinion, and evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence or arguments.

   Candidates are also judged on their ability to write in an appropriate style. More
information on assessing both the Academic and General Training Writing modules,
including Writing Band Descriptors (public version), is available on the IELTS website.

Speaking

This module takes between 11 and 14 minutes and is conducted by a trained examiner.

There are three parts:

Part I
The candidate and the examiner introduce themselves. Candidates then answer general
questions about themselves, their home/family, their job/studies, their interests and a wide
range of similar familiar topic areas. This part lasts between four and five minutes.

Part 2
The candidate is given a task card with prompts and is asked to talk on a particular topic.
The candidate has one minute to prepare and they can make some notes if they wish, before
speaking for between one and two minutes. The examiner then asks one or two rounding-off
questions.

Part 3
The examiner and the candidate engage in a discussion of more abstract issues which are
thematically linked to the topic prompt in Part 2. The discussion lasts between four and five
minutes.

The Speaking module assesses whether candidates can communicate effectively in English.
The assessment takes into account Fluency and Coherence, Lexical Resource, Grammatical

6
                                                                                                         Introduction

Range and Accuracy, and Pronunciation. More information on assessing the Speaking
module, including Speaking Band Descriptors (public version), is available on the IELTS
website.

HOW IS IELTS SCORED?

IELTS results are reported on a nine-band scale. In addition to the score for overall language
ability, IELTS provides a score in the form of a profile for each of the four skills (Listening,
Reading, Writing and Speaking). These scores are also reported on a nine-band scale. All
scores are recorded on the Test Report Form along with details of the candidate's
nationality, first language and date of birth. Each Overall Band Score corresponds to a
descriptive statement which gives a summary of the English language ability of a candidate
classified at that level. The nine bands and their descriptive statements are as follows:

9 Expert User- Has fully operational command of the language: appropriate, accurate and
   fluent with complete understanding.

8 Very Good User- Has fully operational command of the language with only occasional
   unsystematic inaccuracies and inappropriacies. Misunderstandings may occur in unfamiliar
   situations. Handles complex detailed argumentation well.

7 Good User- Has operational command of the language, though with occasional
   inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings in some situations. Generally handles
   complex language well and understands detailed reasoning.

6 Competent User- Has generally effective command of the language despite some
   inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings. Can use and understandfairly complex
   language, particularly in familiar situations.

5 Modest User- Has partial command of the language, coping with overall meaning in most
   situations, though is likely to make many mistakes. Should be able to handle basic
   communication in own field.

4 Limited User- Basic competence is limited to familiar situations. Has frequent problems in
   understanding and expression. Is not able to use complex language.

3 Extremely Limited User- Conveys and understands only general meaning in very familiar
   situations. Frequent breakdowns in communication occur.

2 Intermittent User- No real communication is possible except for the most basic information
   using isolated words or short formulae in familiar situations and to meet immediate needs.
   Has great difficulty understanding spoken and written English.

1 Non User- Essentially has no ability to use the language beyond possibly a few isolated words.

0 Did not attempt the test. -No assessable information provided.

                                                                                                                          7
Introduction

Most universities and colleges in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and
the USA accept an IELTS Overall Band Score of 6.0-7.0 for entry to academic programmes.

MARKING THE PRACTICE TESTS

Listening and Reading

The Answer key is on pages 151- 160.
Each question in the Listening and Reading modules is worth one mark.

Questions which require letter/Roman numeral answers
• For questions where the answers are letters or numbers, you should write only the number

   of answers required. For example, if the answer is a single letter or number you should
   write only one answer. If you have written more letters or numerals than are required, the
   answer must be marked wrong.

Questions which require answers in the form of words or numbers
• Answers may be written in upper or lower case.
• Words in brackets are optional- they are correct, but not necessary.
• Alternative answers are separated by a slash(/).
• If you are asked to write an answer using a certain number of words and/or (a) number(s),

   you will be penalised if you exceed this. For example, if a question specifies an answer
   using NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS and the correct answer is 'black leather coat',
   the answer of 'coat of black leather' is incorrect.
• In questions where you are expected to complete a gap, you should transfer only the
   necessary missing word(s) onto the answer sheet. For example, to complete 'in the .. .',
   and the correct answer is 'morning' , the answer 'in the morning' would be incorrect.
• All answers require correct spelling (including words in brackets).
• Both US and UK spelling are acceptable and are included in the Answer key.
• All standard alternatives for numbers, dates and currencies are acceptable.
• All standard abbreviations are acceptable.
• You will find additional notes about individual questions in the Answer key.

Writing

It is not possible for you to give yourself a mark for the Writing tasks. For Task 1 in Tests 1
and 3, and Task 2 in Tests 2 and 4, and for Task 1 in General Training Test A and Task 2 in
General Training Test B , we have provided model answers (written by an examiner) at the
back of the book . It is important to note that these show just one way of completing the
task, out of many possible approaches. For Task 2 in Tests 1 and 3, Task 1 in Tests 2 and 4
and for Task 2 in General Training Test A and Task 1 in General Training Test B, we have
provided sample answers (written by candidates), showing th~ir score and the examiner's
comments. These model answers and sample answers will give you an insight into what is
required for the Writing module.

8
                                           Introduction

HOW SHOULD YOU INTERPRET YOUR SCORES?

In the Answer key at the end of each set of Listening and Reading answers you will find a
chart which will help you assess whether, on the basis of your Practice Test results, you are
ready to take the IELTS test.

   In interpreting your score, there are a number of points you should bear in mind. Your
performance in the real IELTS test will be reported in two ways: there will be a Band Score
from I to 9 for each of the modules and an Overall Band Score from I to 9, which is the
average of your scores in the four modules. However, institutions considering your
application are advised to look at both the Overall Band and the Bands for each module in
order to determine whether you have the language skills needed for a particular course of
study. For example, if your course has a lot of reading and writing, but no lectures, listening
skills might be less important and a score of 5 in Listening might be acceptable if the Overall
Band Score was 7. However, for a course which has lots of lectures and spoken instructions,
a score of 5 in Listening might be unacceptable even though the Overall Band Score was 7.

   Once you have marked your tests you should have some idea of whether your listening and
reading skills are good enough for you to try the IELTS test. If you did well enough in one
module but not in others, you will have to decide for yourself whether you are ready to take
the test.

   The Practice Tests have been checked to ensure that they are of approximately the same
level of difficulty as the real IELTS test. However, we cannot guarantee that your score in the
Practice Tests will be reflected in the real IELTS test. The Practice Tests can only give you an
idea of your possible future performance and it is ultimately up to you to make decisions
based on your score.

   Different institutions accept different IELTS scores for different types of courses. We have
based our recommendations on the average scores which the majority of institutions accept.
The institution to which you are applying may, of course, require a higher or lower score
than most other institutions.

   Sample answers and model answers are provided for the Writing tasks. The sample
answers were written by IELTS candidates; each answer has been given a band score and the
candidate's performance is described. Please note that there are many different ways by
which a candidate may achieve a particular band score. The model answers were written by
an examiner as examples of very good answers, but it is important to understand that they
are just one example out of many possible approaches.

Further information

For more information about IELTS or any other University of Cambridge ESOL
examination write to:

University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations                   Telephone: +44 1223 553355
1 Hills Road                                                         Fax: +44 1223 460278
Cambridge
CBI 2EU                                    e-mail: Esolhelpdesk@CambridgeEsol.org
United Kingdom                                            http://www.cambridgeesol.org
                                                                        http://www.ielts.org

                                                                            9
Test 1

                        LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-4

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.

                   Notes on sports club

    Ex ample            Answer
    Name of club:
                        ~i!.'g!!!'..e!~

    Facilities available: Golf

                        1 .. ..................... .

                        2 .. .... ... ......... .. ... .

    Classes available:  • Kick-boxing

                        • 3 .. ... ... ............... .

    Additional facility : 4 ...... ....... ........... (restaurant opening
                                                           soon)

10
                                                                                                        Listening

Questions 5-8

Complete the table below.

Write NO MORE THAN TWO NUMBERS for each answer.

"'             '·          ..,.                                                        .,         ··~·

                                 MEMBERSHWSCHEMES

'JYpe .         Use of     ~ost of  Times               Joining Annual
               facilities  classes                         fee subscription
..                                                                          fee

GOLD           All         Free     Any time            £250                                            5£ .. ..... .....

SILVER         All         6£ ... ... .. ....... from 7 ... .... .. .. .. to ........ .. .. £225        £300

BRONZE Restricted          £3       from I0.30 to 3.30  £50                                             8£ .. .. ... .....
                                       weekdays only

Questions 9 and 10

Complete the sentences below.
Write ONE WORD ONLYfor each answer.
 9 To join the centre, you need to book an instructor's ... ........... .. ........ .
10 To book a trial session, speak to David ..... .... ........ .. ..... (0458 95311).

                                                                                                              11
Test I

SECTION 2        Questions 11-20
Questions 11-16

What change has been made to each part of the theatre?

Choose SIX answers from the box and write the correct letter, A-G. next to questions 11-16.

                               RIVENDEN CITY THEATRE

                               A doubled in number
                               B given separate entrance

                               c reduced in number

                               D increased in size
                               E replaced
                               F strengthened
                               G temporarily closed

Part of the theatre

11 box office
12 shop
13 ordinary seats
14 seats for wheelchair users
15 lifts
16 dressing rooms

12
                                                                                                              Listening

Questions 17-20

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

Royal Hunt  October 13th to         18 .................. pm  for 19 .................. 20£ ..................
of the Sun
            17 .. ................                            and ........ .. .. ......

                                                              13
Test I

SECTION 3                       Questions 21-30

Question 21

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

21 What is Brian going to do before the course starts?
      A attend a class
      B write a report
      C read a book

Questions 22-25

Complete the table below.

Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

                   0                    . ·"·    . ~.                          '!.  . ""•        "

,. <·                 College Facility                  Information

Refectory                                      inform them 22 ........................ about special dietary
                                               requirements

23 .............. .. .. ......                 long waiting list, apply now

Careers advice                                 drop-in centre for information

Fitness centre                                 reduced 24 ........................ for students

Library                                        includes books, journals, equipment room containing
                                               audio-visual materials

Computers                                      ask your 25 ........................ to arrange a password with
                                               the technical support team

14
                                                                                                              Listening

Questions 26-30

Complete the summary below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

6uaineaa Centre

The Business Resource Centre contains materials such as books and manuals to
be used for training. it is possible to hire 26 ........................ and 27 .... .. .................. .

There are materials for working on study skills (e.g. 28 ........................)and other
subjects include finance and 29 .............. .......... .

30 ........................ membership costs £50 per year.

                                                                                                                      15
Test 1

SECTION 4                Questions 31-40
Questions 31-37

Complete the table below.

Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

                           Social history of the East End of London

                                        .                                                 ..... ~          ,. '.~.~:.-'.  ·r
        '·           ·'                                                                   '.~" ._

              Period     ... ~.,·;         . :lr,ri;. -,~ '-r. ..:'!i          Situation  ,;~Jt;:. t~-.

                                    ,_                                   ··.

Ist-4th centuries                          Produce from the area was used to the 31 0000 0 00 0000 00 00 00 000000 0
                                           people of London.

5th- 10th centuries                        New technology allowed the production of goods made of
11th century
                                           32  000000000000000000000000  and  00 0000 000000000000000000.

                                           Lack of 33 in the East End encouraged 000000 00 0000 0000 0 0000 000
                                           the growth of businesses.

16th century                               Construction of facilities for the building of
                                           34 stimulated international trade. 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00
17th century
19th century                               Agricultural workers came from other parts of
                                           35 to look for work . 000000 0 0000000000000000 0

                                           Marshes were drained to provide land that could be
                                           36 on. 0000000000000000000000 00

                                           Inhabitants lived in conditions of great 37 ..... oo.oooooooooo ·· · ·
                                           with very poor sanitation.

16
                                                                                                                            Reading

Questions 38-40

Choose THREE letters, A-G.
Which THREE of the following problems are mentioned in connection with 20th century
housing in the East End?

      A unsympathetic landlords
      B unclean water

    c heating problems

      D high rents
      E overcrowding
      F poor standards of building
      G houses catching fire

                                                                                                         17
Test 1

                     READING

READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1
below.

             AUSTRALIA'S
                    SPORTING
                             SUCCESS

A They play hard, they play often, and they play to win.Australian sports teams win more than
    their fair share of titles, demolishing rivals with seeming ease . How do they do it? A big part of
    the secret is an extensive and expensive network of sporting academies underpinned by
    science and medicine .At the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS), hundreds of youngsters and
     pros live and train under the eyes of coaches. Another body, the Australian Sports Commission
     (ASC), finances programmes of excellence in a total of 96 sports for thousa"nds of sportsmen
    and women. Both provide intensive coaching, training facilities and nutritional advice.

B Inside the academies, science takes centre stage. The AIS employs more than I00 sports

    scientists and doctors, and collaborates with scores of others in universities and research

    centres.AIS scientists work across a number of sports, applying skills learned in one - such as

    building muscle strength in golfers- to others, such as swimming and squash.They are backed

    up by technicians who design instruments to collect data from athletes. They all focus on one

    aim: winning. 'We can't waste our time looking at ethereal scientific questions that don't help

    the coach work with an athlete and improve performance,' says Peter Fricker; chief of

    science at AIS.           ·

C A lot of their work comes down to measurement - everything from the exact angle of a
     swimmer's dive to the second-by-seco.nd power output of a cyclist.This data is used to wring
     improvements out of athletes. The focus is on individuals, tweaking performances to squeeze an
     extra hundredth of a second here , an extra millimetre there. No gain is too slight to bother
    with. it's the tiny, gradual improvements that add up to world-beating results. To demonstrate
     how the system works, Bruce Mason at.tyS shows off the prototype of a 3D analysis tool for
     studying swimmers. A wire-frame model of a champion swimmer slices through the water; her
    arms moving in slow motion. Looking side-on, Mason measures the distance between strokes.
     From above, he analyses how her spine swivels. When fully developed, this system will enable
    him to build a biomechanical profile for coaches to use to help budding swimmers. Mason's
    contribution to sport also includes the development of the SWAN (SWimming ANalysis)
    system now used in Australian national competitions. it collects images from digital cameras

18
                                                                                                           Reading

     running at 50 frames a second and breaks down each part of a swimmer's performance into
     factors that can be analysed individually - stroke length, stroke frequency, average duration of
     each stroke, velocity, start, lap and finish times, and so on.At the end of each race, SWAN spits
     out data on each swimmer.
D Take a look,' says Mason, pulling out a sheet of data. He points out the data on the swimmers in
     second and third place, which shows that the one who finished third actually swam faster. So
     why did he finish 35 hundredths of a second down? 'His turn times were 44 hundredths of a
     second behind the other guy.' says Mason. 'If he can improve on his turns, he can do much
     better.'This is the kind of accuracy that AIS scientists' research is bringing to a range of sports.
     With the Cooperative Research Centre for Micro Technology in Melbourne, they are
     developing unobtrusive sensors that will be embedded in an athlete's clothes or running shoes
     to monitor heart rate, sweating, heat production or any other factor that might have an impact
     on an athlete's ability to run. There's more to it than simply measuring performance. Fricker gives
     the example of athletes who may be down with coughs and colds I I or 12 times a year. After
     years of experimentation, AIS and the University of Newcastle in New South Wales developed
     a test that measures how much of the immune-system protein immunoglobulin A is present in
     athletes' saliva. If lgA levels suddenly fall below a certain level, training is eased or dropped
     altogether. Soon, lgA levels start rising again, and the danger passes. Since the tests were
     introduced, AIS athletes in all sports have been remarkably successful at staying healthy.
E Using data is a complex business. Well before a championship, sports scientists and coaches
     start to prepare the athlete by developing a 'competition model', based on what they expect
    will be the winning times. 'You design the model to make that time,' says Mason.'A start of this
    much, each free-swimming period has to be this fast, with a certain stroke frequency and stroke
    length, with turns done in these times.' All the training is then geared towards making the athlete
     hit those targets, both overall and for each segment of the race. Techniques like these have
    transformed Australia into arguably the world's most successful sporting nation.
F Of course, there's nothing to stop other countries copying - and many have tried. Some years
     ago, the AIS unveiled coolant-lined jackets for endurance athletes. At the Atlanta Olympic
     Games in 1996, these sliced as much as two per cent off cyclists' and rowers' times. Now
    everyone uses them. The same has happened to the 'altitude tent', developed by AIS to replicate
    the effect of altitude training at sea level. But Australia's success story is about more than easily
    copied technological fixes, and up to now no nation has replicated its all-encompassing system.

                                                                                                                     19
 Test 1

Questions 1-7

Reading Passage 1 has six paragraphs, A-F.
Which paragraph contains the following information?
 Write the correct letter, A-F, in boxes 1-7 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.

  1 a reference to the exchange of expertise between different sports
  2 an explanation of how visual imaging is employed in investigations
  3 a reason for narrowing the scope of research activity
  4 how some AIS ideas have been reproduced
  5 how obstacles to optimum achievement can be investigated
  6 an overview of the funded support of athletes
  7 how performance requirements are calculated before an event

Questions 8-11

Classify the following techniques according to whether the writer states they
       A are currently exclusively used by Australians
       B will be used in the future by Australians
      C are currently used by both Australians and their rivals

Write the correct letter, A, B or C, in boxes 8-11 on your answer sheet.
 8 cameras
 9 sensors
10 protein tests
11 altitude tents

20
                                                                                                             Reading

Questions 12 and 13

Answer the questions below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER from the passage for
each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 12 and 13 on your answer sheet.
12 What is produced to help an athlete plan their performance in an event?
13 By how much did some cyclists' performance improve at the 1996 Olympic Games?

                                                                                                             21
Test I

READING PASSAGE 2

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26, which are based on Reading Passage 2
below.

®@:[10W@:C20~@

SJ[X]@:

         The vast expansion in internatio.nal trade owes much to a revolution in the business
                                                    of moving freight

A International trade is growing at a startling pace. While the global economy has been expanding
     at a bit over 3% a year, the volume of trade has been rising at a compound annual rate of about
     twice that. Foreign products, from meat to machinery, play a more important role in almost every
     economy in the world, and foreign markets now tempt businesses that never much worried
     about sales beyond their nation's borders .

B What lies behind this explosion in international commerce? The general worldwide decline in

     trade barriers, such as customs duties and import quotas, is surely one explanation . The
     economic opening of countries that have traditionally been minor players is another. But one
     force behind the import-export boom has passed all but unnoticed: the rapidly falling cost of
     getting goods to market. Theoretically, in the world of trade , shipping costs do not matter.
     Goods, once they have been made, are assumed to move instantly and at no cost from
     place to place . The real world , however, is full of frictions . Cheap la~our may make Chinese
     clothing competitive in America, but if delays in shipment tie up working capital and cause
     winter coats to arrive in spring , trade may lose its advantages .
C At the turn of the 20th century, agriculture and manufacturing were the two most important
     sectors almost everywhere, accounting for about 70% of total output in Germany, Italy and
     France, and 40-50% in America, Britain and Japan . International commerce was therefore
     dominated by raw materials , such as wheat, wood and iron ore, or processed commodities ,
     such as meat and steel. But these sorts of products are heavy and bulky and the cost of
     transporting them relatively high .

D Countries still trade disproportionately with their geographic neighbours. Over time, however,

     world output has shifted into goods whose worth is unrelated to their size and weight. Today,
     it is finished manufactured products that dominate the flow of trade, and, thanks to
     technological advances such as lightweight components , manufactured goods themselves
     have tended to become lighter and less bulky. As a result, less transportation is required for
     every dollar's worth of imports or exports.

22
                                                                                                                 Reading

E To see how this influences trade, consider the business of making disk drives for computers.

     Most of the world's disk-drive manufacturing is concentrated in South-east Asia. This is
     possible only because disk drives, while valuable , are small and light and so cost little to
     ship . Computer manufacturers in Japan or Texas will not face hugely bigger freight bills if
     they import drives from Singapore rather than purchasing them on the domestic market.
     Distance therefore poses no obstacle to the globalisation of the disk-drive industry.

F This is even more true of the fast-growing information industries. Films and compact discs
     cost little to transport, even by aeroplane . Computer software can be 'exported ' without ever
     loading it onto a ship , simply by transmitting it over telephone lines from one country to
     another, so freight rates and cargo-handling schedules become insignificant factors in
     deciding where to make the product. Businesses can locate based on other considerations,
     such as the availability of labour, while worrying less about the cost of delivering their output.

G In many countries deregulation has helped to drive the process along . But, behind the
     scenes, a series of technological innovations known broadly as containerisation and inter-
     modal transportation has led to swift productivity improvements in cargo-handling . Forty
     years ago, the process of exporting or importing involved a great many stages of handling ,
     which risked portions of the shipment being damaged or stolen along the way. The invention
     of the container crane made it possible to load and unload containers without capsizing the
     ship and the adoption of standard container sizes allowed almost any box to be transp~xted
     on any ship . By 1967, dual-purpose ships, carrying loose cargo in the hold* and containers
     on the deck, were giving way to all-container vessels that moved thousands of boxes at a
     time .

H The shipping container transformed ocean shipping into a highly efficient, intensely
     competitive business . But getting the cargo to and from the dock was a different story.
     National governments , by and large, kept a much firmer hand on truck and railroad tariffs
     than on charges for ocean freight. This started changing , however, in the mid-1970s , when
     America began to deregulate its transportation industry. First airlines , then road hauliers and
     railways, were freed from restrictions on what they could carry, where they could haul it and
     what price they could charge. Big productivity gains resulted . Between 1985 and 1996, for
     example, America's freight railways dramatically reduced their employment, trackage, and
     their fleets of locomotives- while increasing the amount of cargo they hauled . Europe's
     railways have also shown marked , albeit smaller, productivity improvements.

I In America the period of huge productivity gains in transportation may be almost over, but in
     most countries the process still has far to go. State ownership of railways and airlines,
     regulation of freight rates and toleration of anti-competitive practices , such as
     cargo-handling monopolies , all keep the cost of shipping unnecessarily high and deter
     international trade . Bringing these barriers down would help the world 's economies grow
     even closer.

* hold: ship 's storage area below deck

                                                                                                                       23
Test 1

Questions 14-17

Reading Passage 2 has nine paragraphs, A-1.

Which paragraph contains the following information?

Write the correct letter, A-1, in boxes 14-17 on your answer sheet.

14 a suggestion for improving trade in the future
15 the effects of the introduction of electronic delivery
16 the similar cost involved in transporting a product from abroad or from a local supplier
17 the weakening relationship between the value of goods and the cost of their delivery

Questions 18-22

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 18-22 on your answer sheet, write

    TRUE         if the statement agrees with the information
    FALSE        if the statement contradicts the information
    NOT GIVEN    if there is no information on this

18 International trade is increasing at a greater rate than the world economy.
19 Cheap labour guarantees effective trade conditions.
20 Japan imports more meat and steel than France.
21 Most countries continue to prefer to trade with nearby nations.
22 Small computer components are manufactured in Germany.

24
                                                                     Reading

Questions 23-26

Complete the summary using the list of words, A-K, below.
Write the correct letter, A-K, in boxes 23-26 on your answer sheet.

                             THE TRANSPORT REVOLUTION
Modern cargo-handling methods have had a significant effect on 23 ......... ..... ...... ... . as the

business of moving freight around the world becomes increasingly streamlined .

Manufacturers of computers, for instance, are able to import 24 ........................

from overseas, rather than having to rely on a local supplier. The introduction of
25 ..... ..... .. ....... :.... has meant that bulk cargo can be safely and efficiently moved over long
distances. While international shipping is now efficient, there is still a need for governments to

reduce 26 ....................... : in order to free up the domestic cargo sector.

A tariffs       B components               c container ships
D output        E employees
G t'rade        H freight                  F insurance costs
J software      K international standards  I fares

            ~,

                                                                     25
Testl

READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40. which are based on Reading Passage 3
on the fo llowing pages.

Questions 27-32

Reading Passage 3 has seven paragraphs, A-G.

Choose the correct heading for paragraphs B-Gfrom the list of headings below.

Write the correct number, i-ix, in boxes 27- 32 on your answer sheet.

                                                  List of Headings
                            The reaction of the Inuit community to climate change
                      ii Understanding of climate change remains limited
                      iii Alternative sources of essential supplies
                      iv Respect for Inuit opinion grows
                      v A healthier choice of food
                      vi A difficult landscape
                      vii Negative effects on well-being
                      viii Alarm caused by unprecedented events in the Arctic
                      ix The benefits of an easier existence

   Example      Answer
   Paragraph A  viii

27 Paragraph B
28 Paragraph C
29 Paragraph D
30 Paragraph E
31 Paragraph F
32 Paragraph G

26
                                                                                                                R eading

 Climate Change and
 the lnuit

  The threat posed by climate change in the
  Arctic and the problems faced by Canada's

  lnuit people
 .............................. .......................................................................... .. .... .......................... :

A Unusual incidents are being reported across the Arctic. lnuit families going off on
     snowmobiles to prepare their summer hunting camps have found themselves cut off
     from home by a sea of mud, following early thaws. There are reports of igloos losing
     their insulating properties as the snow drips and refreezes, of lakes draining into the
     sea as permafrost melts, and sea ice breaking up earlier than usual, carrying seals
     beyond the reach of hunters. Climate change may still be a rather abstract idea
     to most of us, but in the Arctic it is already having dramatic effects- if summertime ice
     continues to shrink at its present rate, the Arctic Ocean could soon become virtually
     ice-free in summer. The knock-on effects are likely to include more warming, cloudier
     skies, increased precipitation and higher sea levels. Scientists are increasingly
     keen to find out what's going on because they consider the Arctic the 'canary in the
     mine' for global warming- a warning of what's in store for the rest of the world.

B For the lnuit the problem is urgent. They live in precarious balance with one of the
     toughest environments on earth. Climate change, whatever its causes, is a direct threat
     to their way of life. Nobody knows the Arctic as well as the locals, which is why they are
     not content simply to stand back and let outside experts tell them what's happening. In
     Canada, where the lnuit people are jealously guarding their hard-won autonomy in the
     country's newest territory, Nunavut, th~y believe their best hope of survival in this
     changing environment lies in combining their ancestral knowledge with the best of
     modern science. This is a challenge in itself.

C The Canadian Arctic is a vast, treeless polar desert that's covered with snow for most of

     the year. Venture into this terrain and you get some idea of the hardships facing anyone
     who calls this home. Farming is out of the,question and nature offers meagre pickings.
     Humans first settled in the Arctic a mere 4,500 years ago, surviving by exploiting sea
     mammals and fish . The environment tested them to the limits: sometimes the colonists
     were successful, sometimes they failed and vanished. But around a thousand years ago,
     one group emerged that was uniquely well adapted to cope with the Arctic
     environment. These Thule people moved in from Alaska, bringing kayaks, sleds, dogs,
     pottery and iron tools. They are the ancestors of today's lnuit people .

D Life for the descendants of the Thule people is still harsh. Nunavut is 1.9 million square
     kilometres of rock and ice, and a handful of islands around the North Pole. lt's currently
     home to 2,500 people, all but a handful of them indigenous lnuit. Over the past 40
     years, most have abandoned their nomadic ways and settled in the territory's 28 isolated
     communities, but they still rely heavily on nature to provide food and clothing.

                                                                                                      27
 Test 1

      Provisions available in local shops have to be flown into Nunavut on one of the most
      costly air networks in the world, or brought by supply ship during the few ice-free weeks
      of summer. lt would cost a family around £7,000 a year to replace meat they obtained
     themselves through hunting with imported meat. Economic opportunities are scarce,
      and for many people state benefits are their only income.
E While the lnuit may not actually starve if hunting and trapping are curtailed by climate
     change, there has certainly been an impact on people's health. Obesity, heart disease
     and diabetes are beginning to appear in a people for whom these have never before
     been problems. There has been a crisis of identity as the traditional skills of hunting,
     trapping and preparing skins have begun to disappear. In Nunavut's 'igloo and email '
     society, where adults who were born in igloos have children who may never have been
     out on the land, there's a high incidence of depression.
F With so much at stake, the lnuit are determined to play a key role in teasing out the
     mysteries of climate change in the Arctic. Having survived there for centuries, they
     believe their wealth of traditional knowledge is vital to the task. And Western scientists
     are starting to draw on this wisdom, increasingly referred to as 'lnuit
     Qaujimajatuqangit', or IQ. 'In the early days scientists ignored us when they came up
     here to study anything. They just figured these people don't know very much so we
     won't ask them,' says John Amagoalik, an lnuit leader and politician. 'But in recent years
     IQ has had much more credibility and weight.' In fact it is now a requirement for anyone
     hoping to get permission to do research that they consult the communities, who are
     helping to set the research agenda to reflect their most important concerns. They can
     turn down applications from scientists they believe will work against their interests, or
     research projects that will impinge too much on their daily lives and traditional activities.
G Some scientists doubt the value of traditional knowledge because the occupation of the
     Arctic doesn't go back far enough. Others, however, point out that the first weather
     stations in the far north date back just 50 years. There are still huge gaps in our
     environmental knowledge, and despite the scientific onslaught, many predictions are no
     more than best guesses. IQ could help to bridge the gap and resolve the tremendous
     uncertainty about how much of what we're seeing is natural capriciousness and how
     much is the consequence of human activity.

28
                                                                                                               Writing

Questions 33-40

Complete the summary ofparagraphs C and D below.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from paragraphs C and D for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 33-40 on your answer sheet.
If you visit the Canadian Arctic, you immediately appreciate the problems faced by
people for whom this is home. lt would clearly be impossible for the people to engage in
33 ......... .. .......... ... as a means of supporting themselves. For thousands of years they have
had to rely on catching 34 .. .. .... ... .... ......... and 35 ....................... . as a means of sustenance.
The harsh surroundings saw many who tried to settle there pushed to their limits, although
some were successful. The 36 ............. ... ........ people were an example of the latter and for
them the environment did not prove unm~nageable. For the present inhabitants, life
continues to be a struggle. The territory of Nunavut consists of little more than ice, rock and
a few 37 ......................... In recent years, many of them have been obliged to give up their
38 ..... .. .... ... .......... lifestyle, but they continue to depend mainly on 39 ........................ for
their food and clothes. 40 ......... ..... ...... .... produce is particularly expensive.

                                                                                                   29
Test 1

                                     -
                            WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

             The graph and table below give information about water use worldwide
             and water consumption in two different countries.
             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least !50 words.

               Global water use by sector

        3,000                                                             , " Agriculture
        2,000
                                                   " "" """"""""""

                                                                                                    ., " Industrial use

        -- 1,000 --- --- --- --- ---

                                               ------ _ - - Domestic use
          o~~=~=~-= =-r=~ =~ =~ ==~=~=~=~=~ =- =- ==--- --- --- --- --- - .---~~

             1900 1910 1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000

               Water consumption in Brazil and Congo in 2000

Country        Population          Irrigated land  Water consumption per person

Brazil         176 million  '                      359m3
Democractic    5.2 million                         8m3
Republic                           26 ,500 km2
of Congo                            100 km2

30
                                                                                                              Speaking

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Today, the high sales ofpopular consumer goods reflect the power of
             advertising and not the real needs of the society in which they are sold.
             To what extent do you agree or disagree!
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or expenence.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                                     31
SPEAKING

PART 1

The exa mi ner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Dancing

• Do you enjoy dancing? (Why/Why not?]
• Has anyone ever taught you to dance? [Why/Why not?]
• Tell me abou t any traditional dancing in your country.
• D o you think that traditional dancing will be popular in the future? [Why/Why not?]

PART 2                                     You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                           to two minutes.
  Describe someone in your family who you  You have one minute to think about what
  like.                                    you are going to say.
                                           You can make some notes to help you if you
  You should say:                          wish.
     how this person is related to you
     what this person looks like
     wha t kind of person he/she is

 and explain why you like this person.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

FamiJy similarities

Example questions:
In what ways can people in a family be similar to each other?
D o you think that daughters are always more similar to mothers than to male relatives?
What abo ut so ns and fathers?
In terms of personality, are people more influenced by their family or by their friends? In
what ways?

Genetic research

Example questions:
Where can people in your country get information about genetic research?
How do peo ple in your country feel about genetic research?
Should this research be funded by governments or private companies? Why?

32
                                                                             Listening

Test 2

         LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10
Questions 1-5

Complete the notes below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

         CHILDREN'S ART AND CRAFT WORKSHOPS

Example  Answer

Workshops organised every: ~a_t_u!fl!l}'_

• Adults must accompany children under 1 ...... ........ .. .. ..... .
• Cost: £2.50
• Workshops held in: Winter House, 2 ... ... ...... ............ Street
• Security device: must push the 3 ... ... .................. to open door
• Should leave car behind the 4 .... ............ ....... .
• Book workshops by phoning the 5 .. .. ...... ....... ..... .. (on 200765)

                                                                             33
Test 2

Question~ 6-10

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

Next two workshops

    Date                                            .~  Childre~ advised to wear: Please bring (if possible):

          Workshop title

16/11 'Building 6 .. .. ... ..... ....... .. .. . ' 7 ............. .... .......  8 ......... ............. ..

23/11 9 ' .... ..... ... ..... ...... .'                (Nothing special)         10 .... .. ..... ... ........ ..

34
                                                                                                          Listening

SECTION 2 Questions 11-20
Questions 11-14

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

TRAIN INFORMATION

11 Local services depart from ........................ railway station.
12 National services depart from the ........................ railway station.
13 Trains for London depart every ......................... each day during the week.
14 The price of a first class ticket includes ........................ .

Questions 15-17

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

           JYpe of ticket                    .-;;..~:';,~ ~.  Details  ·,-;._;;.

'                            "  no restrictions                                 "'

Standard open

Supersave                       travel after 8.45

Special                         travel after 15 ........................ and at weekends

16 ........................     buy at least six days ahead
                                limited numbers

                                17 ........................ essential

                                                                                          35
Test 2

Questions 18-20

Choose THREE letters, A-G
Which THREE attractions can you visit at present by train from Trebirch?

       A a science museum
      B a theme park

    c a climbing wall

       D a mmmg museum
       E an aquanum
       F a castle
       G a zoo

36
                                                                                                         Listening

SECTION 3 Questions 21-30

Complete the tables below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER/or each answer.

                                 Dissertation Tutorial Record (Education)
Name: Sandy Gibbons

!'' ' ... . .  -                       ~I               "'·          . ;~                         \>l
                                                                     " ..
! '' Targets previously agreed             Work  completed                         Further action suggested
                                                 .

Investigate suitable data              -Read IT 21 ........... .............       Sign up for some
analysis software                      - Spoken to Jane Prince,                    software practice
                                                                                   sessions
                                          Head of the 22 ........................

Prepare a 23 ............. ........... - Completed and sent for review             Add questions in section
for survey                                                                         three on 24 .... ...... ..............

Further reading about                  - Read Banerjee                             Obtain from library
discipline                             - N.B. Couldn't find Ericsson's             through special loans
                                                                                   service
                                          essays on managing the

                                         25 ................ ........

.. New Targets

Do further work on                     - Add statistics on the                     By the 29 ................... .
Chapter 1                                 27 ........................ in various
(Give the title:                          zones                                    Before starting the
Context 26 ........................ )                                              30 ...... ................ ..
                                       - Include more references to
                                          works dated after
                                         28 ........................

Prepare list of main                   - Use index cards to help in
sections for Chapter 2                    organisation

                                                                                                                    37
Test 2

SECTION 4 Questions 31-40

Questions 31-37

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C.

                                 The history of moving pictures

31 Some photographs of a horse running showed
       A all feet off the ground.
      B at least one foot on the ground.
       C two feet off the ground.

32 The Scotsman employed by Edison
       A designed a system to use the technology Edison had invented.
      B used available technology to make a new system.
       C was already an expert in motion picture technology.

33 One major problem with the first system was that
      A only one person could be filmed .
      B people couid only see very short films.
      C the camera was very heavy.

34 Rival systems started to appear in Europe after people had
      A been told about the American system.
      B seen the American system.
      C used the American system.

35 In 1895, a famous new system was developed by
      A a French team working alone.
      B a French and German team working together.
      C a German team who invented the word 'cinema'.

36 Longer films were not made at the time because of problems involving
      A the subject matter.
      B the camera.
      C the film projector.

37 The 'Lantham Loop' invention relied on
      A removing tension between the film reels. ·
      B adding three more film reels to the system.·
      C making one of the film reels more effective.

38
                                                                                                             Listening

Questions 38-40

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS for each answer.
38 The first motion picture was called The ............. ........... .
39 ... ..................... were used for the first time on film in 1926.
40 Subtitles were added to The Lights of New York because of its ........................ .

                                                                                                              39
Test 2

               READING

READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1
on the f ollowing pages.

Questions 1-5

Reading Passage 1 has five marked paragraphs, A-E.

Choose the correct heading for each paragraph from the list of headings below.

Write the correct number, i-viii, in boxes 1-5 on your answer sheet.

                                             List of Headings
                    Avoidi' ng an overcrowded centre
              ii A successful exercise in people power
              ill The benefits of working together in cities
              iv Higher incomes need not mean more cars
              v Economic arguments fail to persuade
              vi The impact of telecommunications on population distribution
              vii Increases in travelling time
              viii Responding to arguments against public transport

1 Paragraph A
2 Paragraph B
3 Paragraph C
4 Paragraph D
5 Paragraph E

40
                                                                                                     Reading

    A~vutagte~

     of plllbU.rr;

      ltlr~lJ]l~ ]p>(Q) J.rlt

A new study conducted for the World Bank by Murdoch University's Institute for Science and
Technology Policy (ISTP) has demonstrated that public transport is more efficient than cars. The
study compared the proportion of wealth poured into transport by thirty-seven cities around the
world . This included both the public and private costs of building, maintaining and using a
transport system .

The study found that th.e Western Australian city of Perth is a good example of a city with
minimal public transport. As a result, 17% of its wealth went into transport costs . Some
European and Asian cities, on the other hand, spent as little as 5% . Professor Peter Newman,
ISTP Director, pointed out that these more efficient cities were able to put the difference into
attracting indust1y and jobs or creating a better place to live.

According to Professor Newman, the larger Australian city of Melbourne is a rather unusual city
in this sort of comparison . He describes it as two cities: 'A European city surrounded by a car-
dependent one' . Melbourne's large tram network has made car use in the inner city much
lower, but the outer suburbs have the same car-based structure as most other Australian cities.
The explosion in demand for accommodation in the inner suburbs of Melbourne suggests a
recent change in many people's preferences as to where they live .

Newman says this is a new, broader way of considering public transport issues . In the past, the
case for public transport has been made on the basis of environmental and social justice
considerations rather than economics . Newman, however, believes the study demonstrates that
'the auto-dependent city model is inefficient and grossly inadequate in economic as well as
environmental terms' .

Bicycle use was not included in the study but Newman noted that the two most 'bicycle friendly'
cities considered -Amsterdam and Copenhagen -were very efficient, even though their public
transport systems were 'reasonable but not special' .

lt is common for supporters of road networks to reject the models of cities with good public
transport by arguing that such systems would not work in their particular city. One objection is
climate. Some people say their city could not make more use of public transport because it is
either too hot or too cold . Newman rejects this, pointing out that public transport has been
successful in both Toronto and Singapore and, in fact, he has checked the use of cars against
climate and found 'zero correlation' .

                                                                                                                       41
     Test 2

      W hen it comes to other physical features, road lobbies are on stronger ground . For example,
      Newman accepts it would be hard for a city as hilly as Auckland to develop a really good rail
      network. However, he points out that both Hong Kong and Zurich have managed to make a
      success of their rail systems, heavy and light respectively, though there are few cities in the
      world as hilly.

A In fact, Newman believes the main reason for adopting one sort of transport over another is
      politics: 'The more democratic the process, the more public transport is favored.' He considers
      Portland, Oregon, a perfect example of this . Some years ago, federal money was granted to
      buil d a new road . However, local pressure groups forced a referendum over whether to spend
      the money on light rail instead. The rail proposal won and the railway worked spectacularly well .
      In the years that have followed, more and more rail systems have been put in, dramatically
      changing the nature of the city. Newman notes that Portland has about the same population as
      Perth and had a similar population density at the time .

B In the UK, t ravel times to work had been stable for at least six centuries, with people avoiding
      situations that required them to spend more than half an hour travelling to work . Trains and cars
      initially allowed people to live at greater distances without taking longer to reach their
      destination. However, public infrastructure did not keep pace with urban sprawl, causing
      massive congestion problems wh ich now make commuting t imes far higher.

C There is a widespread belief that increasing wealth encourages people to live farther out where
     cars are the only viable transport. The example of European cities refutes that. They are often
     wealthier than their American counterparts but have not generated the same level of car use . In
     Stockholm, car use has actually fallen in recent years as the city has become larger and
     wealthier. A new study makes this point even more starkly. Developing cities in Asia, such as
     Jakarta and Bangkok, make more use of the car than wealthy Asian cities such as Tokyo and
     Singapore . In cities that developed later, the World Bank and Asian Development Bank ·
     discouraged the building of public transport and people have been forced to rely on cars-
     creating the massive traffic jams that characterize those cities .

D Newman believes one of the best studies on how cities built for cars might be converted to rail
     use is The Urban Village report, which used Melbourne as an example. lt found that pushing
     everyone into the city centre was not the best approach . Instead, the proposal advocated the
     creation of urban villages at hundreds of sites, mostly around railway stations. ·

E lt was once assumed that improvements in telecommunications would lead .to more dispersal in
     the population as people were no longer forced into citi.es. However, the ISTP team's research
     demonstrates that the population and job density of cities rose or remained constant in the
     1980s after decades of decline. The explanation for this seems to be that it is valuable to place
     people working in related fields together. 'The new world will largely depend on human
     creativity, and creativity flourishes where people come together face-to-face.'

    42
                                                                                     Reading

Questions 6-10

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 6-10 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE
NOT GIVEN        if the statement contradicts the information
                 if there'is no information on this

 6 The ISTP study examined public and private systems in every city of the world.
 7 Efficient cities can improve the quality of life for their inhabitants.
 8 An inner-city tram network is dangerous for car drivers.
 9 In Melbourne, people prefer to live in the outer suburbs.
10 Cities with high levels of bicycle usage can be efficient even when public transport is

      only averagely good.

Questions 11-13

Look at the following cities ( Questions 11-13) and the list of descriptions below.

Match each city with the correct description, A-F.

Write the correct letter, A-F, in boxes 11-13 on your answer sheet.

11 Perth
12 Auckland
13 Portland

                                 List of Descriptions

A successfully uses a light rail transport system in hilly environment
B successful public transport system despite cold winters
C profitably moved from road to light rail transport system
D hilly and inappropriate for rail transport system
E heavily dependent on cars despite widespread poverty
F inefficient due to a limited public transport system

                                                                                            43
Test 2

READING PASSAGE 2

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26, which are based on R eading Passage 2
below.

Elderly people are growing healthier, happier and more independent, say Amer ican
scientists. The results of a 14-year study to be announced later this month reveal that the
diseases associated with old age are afflicting fewer and fewer people and when they do
strike, it is much later in life.

In the last 14 years, the National Long -term Health Care Survey has gathered data on the
health and lifestyles of more than 20,000 men and women over 65 . Researchers, now
analysing the results of data gathered in 1994, say arthritis, high blood pressure and
circulation problems- the major medical complaints in this age group- are troubling a
smaller proportion every year. And the data confirms that the rate at which these diseases
are declining continues to accelerate. Other diseases of old age- dementia, stroke,
arteriosclerosis and emphysema -are also troubling fewer and fewer people.

'lt really raises the question of what should be considered normal ageing,' says Kenneth
Manton, a demographer from Duke University in North Carolina. He says the problems
doctors accepted as normal in a 65-year-old in 1982 are often not appearing until people
are 70 or 75.

Clearly, certain diseases are beating a retreat in the face of medical advances. But there may

" be other contributing factors. Improvements in childhood nutrition in the first quarter of

the twentieth century, for example, gave today's elderly people a better start in life than
their predecessors.

On the downside, the data also reveals failures in public health that have caused surges in
some illnesses. An increase in some cancers and bronchitis may reflect chang ing smoking
habits and poorer air quality, say the researchers. 'These may be subtle influences,' says
Manton, 'but our subjects have been exposed to worse and worse pollution for over 60
years. lt's not surprising we see some effect.'

One interesting correlation Manton uncovered is that better-educated people are likely to
live longer. For example, 65-year-old women with fewer than eight years of schooling are
expected, on average, to live to 82. Those who continued their education live an extra seven
years. Although some of this can be attributed to a higher income, Manton believes it is
mainly because educated people seek more medical attention.

The survey also assessed how independent people over 65 were, and again found a striking
trend. Almost 80% of those in the 1994 survey could complete everyday activities ranging
from eating and dressing unaided to complex tasks such as cooking and managing their
finances. That represents a significant drop in the number of disabled old people in the
population . If the trends apparent in the United States 14 years ago had continued,

44
                                                                                                                   Reading

researchers calculate there would be an additional one million disabled elderly people in
today's population. According to Manton, slowing the trend has saved the United States
government's Medicare system more than $200 billion, suggesting that the greying of
America's population may prove less of a financial burden than expected.
The increasing self-reliance of many elderly people is probably linked to a massive increase
in the use of simple home medical aids. For instance, the use of raised toilet seats has more
than doubled since the start of the study, and the use of bath seats has grown by more than
50% . These developments also bring some health benefits, according to a report from the
MacArthur Foundation's research group on successful ageing. The group found that those
elderly people who were able to retain a sense of independence were more likely to stay
healthy in old age.
Maintaining a level of daily physical activity may help mental functioning, says Carl Cotman,
a neuroscientist at the University of California at lrvine. He found that rats that exercise on a
treadmill have raised levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor coursing through their
brains. Cotman believes this hormone, which keeps neurons functioning, may prevent the
brains of active humans from deteriorating.
As part of the same study, Teresa Seeman, a social epidemiologist at the University of
Southern California in Los Angeles, found a connection between self-esteem and stress in
people over 70. In laboratory simulations of challenging activities such as driving, those who
felt in control of their lives pumped out lower levels of stress hormones such as cortisol.
Chronically high levels of these hormones have been linked to heart disease.
But independence can have drawbacks. Seeman found that elderly people who felt
emotionally isolated maintained higher levels of stress hormones even when asleep. The
research suggests that older people fare best when they feel independent but know they
can get help when they need it.
'Like much research into ageing, these results support common sense,' says Seeman. They
also show that we may be underestimating the impact of these simple factors. 'The sort of
thing that your grandmother always told you turns out to be right on target,' she says.

                                                                                                                     45
Test 2

Questions 14-22

Complete the summary using the list of words, A-Q, below.

Write the correct letter, A-Q, in boxes 14-22 on your answer sheet.

Research carried out by scientists in the United States has shown that the proportion of
people over 65 suffering from the most common age-related medical problems is
14 ........................ and that the speed of this change is 15 ........................ . lt also seems
that these diseases are affecting people 16 ........................ in life than they did in the past.
This is largely due to developments in 17 ........................ ,but other factors such as
improved 18 .............. :......... may also be playing a part. Increases in some other illnesses
may be due to changes in personal habits and to 19 ......................... The research
establishes a link between levels of 20 ........................ and life expectancy. lt also shows that
there has been a considerable reduction in the number of elderly people who are
21 ........................ , which means that the 22 ........................ involved in supporting this
section of the population may be less than previously predicted.

        A cost            B falling      c technology
        D undernourished  E earlier
        G disabled        H more         F later
        J nutrition       K education    I increasing
        M medicine        N pollution    L constant
        p health          Q independent  0 environmental

46
                                                                                                               Reading

Questions 23-26

Complete each sentence with the correct ending, A-H, below.
Write the correct letter, A-H, in boxes 23-26 on your answer sheet.
23 Home medical aids
24 Regular amounts of exercise
25 Feelings of control over life
26 Feelings of loneliness

                 A may cause heart disease.

               8 can be helped by hormone treatment.
               C may cause rises in levels of stress hormones.
               D have cost the United States government more than $200 billion.
               E may help prevent mental decline.
               F may get stronger at night.
               G allow old people to be more independent.
               H can reduce stress in difficult situations.

                                                                                                                  47
 Test 2

READING PASSAGE 3

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40, which are based on Reading Passage 3
below.

                 Numeration

One of the first great intellectual feats of a young child is learning
how to talk, closely followed by learning how to count. From earliest
childhood we are so bound up with our system of numeration that it
is a feat of imagination to consider the problems faced by early
humans who had not yet developed this facility. Careful
consideration of our system of numeration leads to the conviction
that, rather than being a facility that comes naturally to a person, it
is one of the great and remarkable achievements of the human race .

lt is impossible to learn the sequence of events that led to our developing the concept of

number. Even the earliest of tribes had a system of numeration that, if not advanced, was
sufficient for the tasks that they had to perform. Our ancestors had little use for actual numbers;
instead their considerations would have been more of the kind /s this enough? rather than How
many? when they were engaged in food gathering, for example. However, when early

humans first began to reflect on the nature of things around them, they discovered that they

needed an idea of number simply to keep their thoughts in order. As they began to settle,
grow plants and herd animals, the need for a sophisticated number system became
paramount. lt will never be known how and when this numeration ability developed, but it is
certain that numeration was well developed by the time humans had formed even semi-
permanent settlements .

Evidence of early stages of arithmetic and numeration can be readily found . The indigenous
peoples of Tasmania were only able to count one, two, many; those of South Africa counted
one, two, two and one, two twos, two twos and one, and so on. But in real situations the
number and words are often accompanied by gestures to help resolve any confusion . For
example, when using the one, two, many type of system, the word many would mean, Look at
my hands and see how many fingers I am showing you. This basic approach is limited in the
range of numbers that it can express, but this range will generally suffice when dealing with
the simpler aspects of human existence.

The lack of ability of some cultures to deal with large numbers is not really surprising.
European languages, when traced back to their earlier version, are very poor in number
words and expressions. The ancient Gothic word for ten, tachund, is used to express the
number 100 as tachund tachund. By the seventh century, the word teon had become
interchangeable with the tdchund or hund of the Anglo-Saxon language, and so 100 was
denoted as hund teontig, or ten times ten . The average person in the seventh century in Europe
was not as familiar with numbers as we are today. In fact, to qualify as a witness in a court of
law a man had to be able to count to nine!

48
                                                                                                      Reading

Perhaps the most fundamental step in developing a sense of number is not the abil ity to cou nt,
but rather to see that a number is really an abstract idea instead of a simple attachment to a
group of particular objects. it must have been within the grasp of the earliest humans to
conceive that four birds are distinct from two birds; however, it is not an elementary step to
associate the number 4, as connected with four birds, to the number 4 , as connected w ith four
rocks. Associating a number as one of the qualities of a specific object is a great hindrance to
the development of a true number sense . When the number 4 can be registered in the mi nd as
a specific word, independent of the object being referenced, the individual is ready to ta ke the
first step toward the development of a notational system for numbers and, from there, to
arithmetic .
Traces of the very first stages in the development of numeration can be seen in severa l living
languages today. The numeration system of the Tsimshian language in British Colu mbia
contains seven distinct sets of words for numbers according to the class of the item being
counted : for counting flat objects and an imals, for round objects and time, for people, for long
objects and trees, for canoes, for measures, and for counting when no particular ob ject is
being numerated . lt seems that the last is a later development while the fi rst six groups show
the relics of an older system . This diversity of number names can also be found in some widely
used languages such as Japanese.
Intermixed with the development of a number sense is the development of an abil ity to cou nt.
Counting is not directly related to the formation of a number concept because it is possible to
count by matching the items being counted against a group of pebbles, gra ins of corn , or the
counter's fingers . These aids would have been indispensable to very early people w ho would
have found the process impossible withou t some form of mechan ical a id . Such ai ds, whi le
different, are still used even by the most educated in today's society due to the ir convenience .
All counting ultimately involves reference to something other than the things being co unted . At
first it may have been grains or pebbles but now it is a memorised sequence of w ord s that
happen to be the names of the numbers .

                                                                                                         49
Test 2

Questions 27-31

Complete each sentence with the correct ending, A-G, below.
Write the correct letter, A-G, in boxes 27-31 on your answer sheet.
27 A developed system of numbering
28 An additional hand signal
29 In seventh-century Europe, the ability to count to a certain number
30 Thinking about numbers as concepts separate from physical objects
31 Expressing number differently according to class of item

                   A was necessary in order to fulfil a civic role.
                  B was necessary when people began farming.
                   C was necessary for the development of arithmetic.
                   D persists in all societies.
                   E was used when the range of number words was restricted.
                   F can be traced back to early European languages.
                   G was a characteristic of early numeration systems.

50
                                                                                    Reading

Questions 32-40

Do the following statements agree with the information given in Reading Passage 3?

In boxes 32-40 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE             if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE            if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN        if there is no information on this

32 For the earliest tribes, the concept of sufficiency was more important than the concept
      of quantity.

33 Indigenous Tasmanians used only four terms to indicate numbers of objects.
34 Some peoples with simple number systems use body language to prevent

      misunderstanding of expressions of number.

35 All cultures have been able to express large numbers clearly.

36 The word 'thousand' has Anglo-Saxon origins.

37 In general, people in seventh-century Europe had poor counting ability.

38 In the Tsimshian language, the number for long objects and canoes is expressed with
      the same word.

39 The Tsimshian language contains both older and newer systems of counting.

40 Early peoples found it easier to count by using their fingers rather than a group of
      pebbles.

                                                                                    51
Test 2

                   WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

              The table below gives information about changes in modes of travel in
             England between 1985 and 2000.
             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make Cf!mparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

        Average distance in miles travelled per person per year, by mode of travel

Walking             1985     2000
Bicycle
Car                  255      237
Local bus             51       41
Long distance bus  3,199    4,806
Train                429      274
Taxi                  54      124
Other                289      366
All modes             13       42
                     450      585

                   4,740    6,475

52
                                                                                                                Writing

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

            Successful sports professioiUlls can earn a great deal more money than
            people in other important professions. Some people think this is fully
            justified while others think it is unfair.
            Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                                 53
Test 2

        ~PEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Musical instruments

• Which instrument do you like listening to most? [Why?]
• Have you ever learned to play a musical instrument? [Which one?]
• Do you think children should learn to play a musical instrument at school? [Why/Why not?]
• How easy would it be to learn to play an instrument without a teacher? [Why?]

PART 2                                        You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                              to two minutes.
 Describe something healthy you enjoy doing.  You have one minute to think about what
                                              you are going to say.
 You should say:                              You can make some notes to help you if you
    what you do                               wish.
    where you do it
    who you do it with

 and explain why you think doing this is
 healthy.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Keeping fit and healthy

Example questions:
What do most people do to keep fit in your country?
How important is it for people to do some regular physical exercise?

Health and modern lifestyles

Example questions:
Why do some people think that modern lifestyles are not healthy?
Why do some people choose to lead unhealthy lives?
Should individuals or governments be responsible for making people's lifestyle healthy?
What could be done to encourage people to live in a healthy way?

54
Test 3

                          LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10

Complete the form below.
Write ONE WORD AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                          OPENING A BANK ACCOUNT

Example                   Answer
Application for a         Current bank account

Type of current account:  The 1 ' ........................ 'account

Full name of applicant:   Pieter Henes

Date of birth:            2 ...................... ..

Joint account holder(s):  No

Current address:          3 .... .................... Exeter

Time at current address:  4 .. .. .......... ...... .. ..

Previous address:         Rielsdorf 2, Utrecht, Holland

Telephone:                work 5 .... .. .... ...... ...... ..
                          home 796431 ·

                                                                     55
Test 3                    6 .... ........... .. ... ... .
                          Name of his 7 ........................ : Siti
    Occupation:           8 € ...................... ..
    Identity (security):  to be transferred from Fransen Bank, Utrecht
    Opening sum:
                          Every 9 ...................... ..
   Statements:
   Requests:              Supply information about the bank's
                          10 ........................ service

56
                                                                  Listening

SECTION 2 Questions 11-20

Questions 11-13

Choose the correct letter, A, B or C

                              THE HISTORY OF ROSEWOOD HOUSE

11 When the writer Sebastian George first saw Rosewood House, he
      A thought he might rent it.
      B felt it was too expensive for him.
      C was unsure whether to buy it.

12 Before buying the house, George had
      A experienced severe family problems.
      B struggled to become a successful author.
      C suffered a serious illness.

13 According to the speaker, George viewed Rosewood House as
      A a rich source of material for his books.
      B a way to escape from his work.
      C a typical building of the region.

                                                                  57
Test 3
Questions 14-17

Label the map below.
Write the correct letter, A-J, next to questions 14- 17.
ROSEWOOD HOUSE AND GARDENS

                                         G
                                                 H

14 Pear Alley    .. ...... ....

15 Mulberry Garden ............

16 Shop          ........... .

17 Tea Room      ...... ......

Questions 18-20

Complete the sentences below.

Write ONE WORD ONLYfor each answer.

RIVER WALK

18 You can walk through the ........................ that goes along the river bank.
19 You can go over the ........................ and then into a wooded area.
20 On your way back, you could also go up to the ........................ .
58
                                                                                                               Listening

SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-24

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.
MARKETING ASSIGNMENT
21 For their assignment, the students must investigate one part of the ...... .... ... ..... ...... .
22 The method the students must use to collect data is ..... .... ... ...... ...... .
23 In total, the students must interview .. ....................... people.
24 Jack thinks the music preferences of ............ ....... ..... listeners are similar.

                                                                                                             59
Test 3

Questions 25-30

Complete the notes below.

 Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.

                Marketing Survey: Music Preferences

   Age group of interviewee
    • 25 or under
   • 45 or over
   Music preferences
    • Pop
    • 25 .... .. .... .. .......... ..
    • Folk
    • Easy listening
    • 26 ...... .... ............ ..

   Medium for listening to music
    • Radio
    • CD
   • TV
   • 27 .. ...... ............ .. ..

   Source of music
    • Music shops
   • 28 .. .. .... .. ............ ..
   • Internet

   Places for listening to music
   • Disco
   • Pub
   • 29 ........ .... .. ........ ..
   • Concert hall
   • 30 ........................

60
SECTION 4 Questions 31-40                         Listening
Questions 31-34
                                           England
Choose the correct letter, A, B or C
IRELAND IN THE NEOLITIDC PERIOD

                                  Ireland

31 According to the speaker, it is not clear

      A when the farming economy was introduced to Ireland.
      B why people began to farm in Ireland.
      C where the early Irish farmers came from.

32 What point does the speaker make about breeding animals in Neolithic Ireland?

      A Their numbers must have been above a certain level.
      B They were under threat from wild animals.
      C Some species died out during this period.

33 · What does the speaker say about the transportation of animals?

      A Livestock would have limited the distance the farmers could sail.
      B Neolithic boats were too primitive to have been used.
      C Probably only a few breeding animals were imported.

34 What is the main evidence for cereal crops in Neolithic Ireland?

      A the remains of burnt grain in pots
      B the marks left on pots by grains
      C the patterns painted on the surface of pots

                                                                                                                     61
Test 3

Questions 35-40

Complete the sentences below.
 Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS for each answer.
STONE TOOLS
35 Ploughs ·could either have been pulled by ............ ...... .. ... . or by cattle.

       The farmers needed homes which were permanent dwellings.
36 In the final stages of axe-making, ... ... .. .... .... ........ and ....... ... ... .... .. ... .. were necessary

       for grinding and polishing.
37 Irish axes were exported from Ireland to ....... ............. .... and England.
POTTERY MAKING
• The colonisers used clay to make pots.
38 The ...... .... .... .... .... .. of the pots was often polished to make them watertight.
39 Clay from ..... ....... ..... ..... .. areas was generally used.
40 Decoration was only put around the ..... ........... ........ of the earliest pots.

62
                                                      Reading

                   READING

READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1
belo w.

A The Lumiere Brothers opened their                         became familiar, the magic was accepted -
                                                            but it never stopped being magic. Film has
     Cinematographe, at 14 Boulevard des                    never lost its unique power to embrace its
     Capucines in Paris, to 100 paying customers           audiences and transport them to a different
     over 100 years ago, on December 8, 1895.              world . For Tarkovsky, the key to that magic
     Before the eyes of the stunned, thrilled              was the way in which cinema created a
     audience, photographs come to life and                dynamic image of the real Aow of events. A
     moved across a Aat screen.                             still picture could only imply the existence of
                                                           time, while time in a novel passed at the
B So ordinary and routine has this become to               whim of the reader. But in cinema, the real,
                                                           objective Row of time was captured .
     us that it takes a determined leap of the
     imagination to grasp the impact of those first   E One effect of this realism was to educate the
     moving images. But it is worth trying, for to
     understand the initial shock of those images          world about itself. For cinema makes the
     is to understand the extraordinary power              world smaller. Long before people travelled
     and magic of cinema, the unique, hypnotic             to America or anywhere else, they knew
     quality that has made film the most dynamic,          what other places looked like; they knew how
     effective art form of the 20th century.               other people worked and lived .
                                                           Overwhelmingly, the lives recorded- at least
c One of the Lumiere Brothers' earliest films              in film fiction - have been American . From
                                                           the earliest days of the industry, Hollywood
     was a 30-second piece which showed a                  has dominated the world film market.
     section of a railway platform Aooded with.            American imagery- the cars, the cities, the
     sunshine. A train appears and heads straight          cowboys - became the primary imagery of
     for the camera . And that is all that happens.        film . Film carried American life and values
     Yet the Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky,            around the globe.
     one of the greatest of all film artists,
     described the film as a 'work of genius'. 'As    F And , thanks to film, future generations will
     the train approached,' wrote Tarkovsky,
     'panic started in the theatre: people jumped         .know the 20th century more intimately than
     and ran away. That was the moment when                any other period . We can only imagine what
     cinema was born. The frightened audience              life was like in the 14th century or in classical
     could not accept that they were watching a            Greece. But the life of the modern world has
     mere picture. Pictures were still, only reality       been recorded on film in massive,
     moved; this must, therefore, be reality. In           encyclopaedic detail. We shall be known
     their confusion, they feared that a real train        better than any preceding generations.
     was about to crush them .'
                                                      G The 'star' was another natural consequence
D Early cinema audiences often experienced
                                                           of cinema . The cinema star was effectively
     the same confusion . In time, the idea of fi lm

                                                      63
Test3

     born in 1910. Film personalities hove such         hove developed like television- os a strange,
     on immediate presence that, inevitably, they       noisy transfer of music, information and
     become super-real. Because we watch them           narrative. But what happened was that it
     so closely and because everybody in the            become, overwhelmingly, a medium for
     world seems to know who they ore, they             telling stories. Originally these were
     appear more real to us than we do ourselves.       conceived os short stories - early producers
     The star os magnified human self is one of         doubted the ability of audiences to
     cinema's most strange and enduring                 concentrate for more than the length of a
     legacies .                                         reel. Then, in 1912, on Italian 2-hour film
                                                        was hugely successful, and Hollywood settled
H Cinema has also given a new lease of life to          upon the novel-length narrative that remains.
                                                        the dominant cinematic convention of today.
     the ideo of the story. When the lumiere
     Brothers and other pioneers began showing     J And it has all happened so quickly. Almost
     off this new invention, it was by no means
                                                        unbelievably, it is a mere 100 years since
    obvious how it would be used. All that              that train arrived and the audience screamed
                                                        and Red, convinced by the dangerous reality
     mattered at first was the wonder of                of what they sow, and, perhaps, suddenly
     movement. Indeed, some said that, once this
     novelty had worn off, cinema would fade           aware that the world could never be the
     away. lt was no more than a passing               some again - that, maybe, it could be better,
     gimmick, a fairground attraction.
                                                        brighter, more astonishing, more real than
I Cinema might, for example, hove become              . reality.

     primarily a documentary form . Or it might

64
                                                                                      R eading

Questions 1-5

Reading Passage 1 has ten paragraphs, A-J.

Which paragraph contains the following information?

Write the correct letter, A-J, in boxes 1-5 on your answer sheet.

1 the location of the first cinema
2 how cinema came to focus on stories
3 the speed with which cinema has changed
4 how cinema teaches us about other cultures
5 the attraction of actors in films

Questions 6-9

Do the following statements agree with the views of the writer in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 6- 9 on your answer sheet, write

YES            if the statement agrees with the views of the writer
               if the statement contradicts the views of the writer
NO
NOT GIVEN      if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

6 It is important to understand how the first audiences reacted to the cinema.
7 The Lumiere Brothers' film about the train was one of the greatest films ever made.
8 Cinema presents a biased view of other countries.
9 Storylines were important in very early cinema.

                                                                                       65
 Test 3

Questions 10-13

Choose the correct letter, A , B, Cor D.
 Write the correct letter in boxes 10-13 on your answer sheet.
10 The writer refers to the film of the train in order to demonstrate

       A the simplicity of early films.
      B . the impact of early films.
       C how short early films were.
      D how imaginative early films were.
11 In Tarkovsky's opinion, the attraction of the cinema is that it

       A aims to impress its audience.

      B tells stories better than books.
       C illustrates the passing of time.
      D describes familiar events.
12 When cinema first began, people thought that
      A it would always tell stories.
      B it should be used in fairgrounds.
      C its audiences were unappreciative.
      D its future was uncertain.
13 What is the best title for this passage?
      A The rise of the cinema star
      B Cinema and novels compared .
      C The domination of Hollywood
      D The power of the big screen

66
                                                                                                               Reading

READING PASSAGE 2

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-27, which are based on Reading Passage 2
on the following pages.

Questions 14-18

Reading Passage 2 contains six Key Points.

Choose the correct heading for Key Points TWO to SIXfrom the list of headings below.

Write the correct number, i-viii, in boxes 14- 18 on your answer sheet.

                                             List of Headings
                         Ensure the reward system is fair
                  ii Match rewards to individuals
                  iii Ensure targets are realistic
                  iv Link rewards to achievement
                  v Encourage managers to take more responsibility
                  vi Recognise changes in employees' performance over time
                  vii Establish targets and give feedback
                  viii Ensure employees are suited to their jobs

  Example           Answer
  Key Point One       viii

14 Key Point Two
15 Key Point Three
16 Key Point Four
17 Key Point Five
18 Key Point Six

                            67
 Test 3

         Motivating Employees under
               Adverse Conditions .

THE CHALLENGE
 lt is a great deal easier to motivate employees in a growing organisation than a declining
one. When organisations are expanding and adding personnel, promotional opportunities,
pay rises, and the excitement of being associated with a dynamic organisation create
feelings of optimism . Management is able to use the growth to entice and encourage
employees. When an organisation is shrinking, the best and most mobile workers are prone
to leave voluntarily. Unfortunately, they are the ones the organisation can least afford to lose
-those with the highest skills and experience. The minor employees remain because their job
options are limited.

    Morale also suffers during decline. People fear they may be the next to be made
redundant. Productivity often suffers, as employees spend their time sharing rumours and
providing one another with moral support rather than focusing on their jobs. For those whose
 jobs are secure, pay increases are rarely possible. Pay cuts, unheard of during times of
growth, may even be imposed. The challenge to management is how to motivate employees
under such retrenchment conditions . The ways of meeting this challenge can be broadly
divided into six Key Points, which are outlined below.

KEY POINT ONE
There is an abundance of evidence to support the motivational benefits that result from
carefully matching people to jobs. For example, if the job is running a small business or an
autonomous unit within a larger business, high achievers should be sought. However, if the
job to be filled is a managerial post in a large bureaucratic organisation, a candidate who
has a high need for power and a low need for affiliation should be selected. Accordingly,
high achievers should not be put into jobs that are inconsistent with their needs. High
achievers will do best when the job provides moderately challenging goals and where there
is independence and feedback. However, it should be remembered that not everybody is
motivated by jobs that are high in independence, variety and responsibility.

KEY POINT TWO
The literature on goal-setting theory suggests that managers should ensure that all employees
have specific goals and receive comments on how well they are doing in those goals. For
those with high achievement needs, typically a minority in any organisation, the existence of
external goals is less important because high achievers are already internally motivated. The
next factor to be determined is whether the goals should be assigned by a manager or
collectively set in conjunction with the employees . The answer to that depends on perceptions
of goal acceptance and the organisation's culture. If resistance to goals is expected, the use
of participation in goal-setting should increase acceptance. If participation is inconsistent with

68
                                                                                                       Reading

the culture, however, goals should be assigned. If participation and the culture are
incongruous, employees are likely to perceive the participation process as manipulative and
be negatively affected by it.

KEY POINT THREE
Regardless of whether goals are achievable or well within management's perceptions of the
employee's ability, if employees see them as unachievable they will reduce their effort.
Managers must be sure, therefore, that employees feel confident that their efforts can lead to
performance goals. For managers, this means that employees must have the capability of
doing the job and must regard the appraisal process as valid.

KEY POINT FOUR
Since employees have different needs, what acts as a reinforcement for one may not for
another. Managers could use their knowledge of each employee to personalise the rewards
over which they have control. Some of the more obvious rewards that managers allocate
include pay, promotions, autonomy, job scope and depth, and the opportunity to participate
in goal-setting and decision-making.

KEY POINT FIVE
Managers need to make rewards contingent on performance. To reward factors other than
performance will only reinforce those other factors. Key rewards such as pay increases and
promotions or advancements should be allocated for the attainment of the employee's specific
goals. Consistent with maximising the impact of rewards, managers should look for ways to
increase their visibility. Eliminating the secrecy surrounding pay by openly communicating
everyone's remuneration, publicising performance bonuses and allocating annual salary
increases in a lump sum rather than spreading them out over an entire year are examples of
actions that will make rewards more visible and potentially more motivating.

KEY POINT SIX
The way rewards are distributed should be transparent so that employees perceive that
rewards or outcomes are equitable and equal to the inputs given. On a simplistic level,
experience, abilities, effort and other obvious inputs should explain differences in pay,
responsibility and other obvious outcomes. The problem, however, is complicated by the
existence of dozens of inputs and outcomes and by the fact that employee groups place
cMferent degrees of importance on them. For instance, a study comparing clerical and
production workers identined nearly twenty inputs and outcomes. The clerical workers
considered factors such as quality of work performed and job knowledge near the top of
their list, but these were at the bottom of the production workers' list. Similarly, production
workers thought that the most important inputs were intelligence and personal involvement
with task accomplishment, two factors that were quite low in the importance ratings of the
clerks. There were also important, though less dramatic, differences on the outcome side. For
example, production workers rated advancement very highly, whereas clerical workers rated
advancement in the lower third of their list. Such findings suggest that one person's equity is
another's inequity, so an ideal should probably weigh different inputs and outcomes
according to employee group.

                                                                                                                        69
Test 3

Questions 19-24

Do the following statements agree with the views of the writer in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 19- 24 on your answer sheet, write

        YES            if the statement agrees with the views of the writer
                       if the statement contradicts the views of the writer
        NO             if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this
        NOT GIVEN

19 A shrinking organisation tends to lose its less skilled employees rather than its more
      skilled employees.

20 It is easier to manage a small business than a large business.
21 High achievers are well suited to team work.
22 Some employees can feel manipulated when asked to participate in goal-setting.
23 The staff appraisal process should be designed by employees.
24 Employees' earnings should be disclosed to everyone within the organisation.

Questions 25-27

Look at the following groups of workers (Questions 25- 27) and the list of descriptions below.

Match each group with the correct description, A-E.

Write the correct letter, A-E, in boxes 25- 27 on your answer sheet.

25 high achievers
26 clerical workers
27 production workers

                                  List of Descriptions

        A They judge promotion to be important.
        B They have less need of external goals.
        C They think that the quality of their work is important.
        D They resist goals which are ill)posed.
        E They have limited job options.

70
                                                                                                                  Reading

READING PASSAGE 3

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 28-40, which are based on R eading Passage 3
be!olV.

              The Search for the Anti-aging Pill

  In government laboratories and elsewhere, scientists are seeking a drug able to prolong
            life and youthful vigor. Studies of caloric restriction are showing the way

As researchers on aging noted recently, no treatment on the market today has been proved to
slow human aging- the build-up of molecular and cellular damage that increases vulnerability to ·
infirmity as we grow older. But one intervention, consumption of a low-calorie* yet nutritionally
balanced diet, works incredibly well in a broad range of animals, increasing longevity and
prolonging good health. Those findings suggest that caloric restriction could delay aging and
increase longevity in humans, too.

   Unfortunately, for maximum benefit, people would probably have to reduce their caloric
intake by roughly thirty per cent, equivalent to dropping from 2,500 calories a day to I,750. Few
mortals could stick to that harsh a regimen, especially for years on end. But what if someone
could create a pill that mimicked the physiological effects of eating less without actually forcing
people to eat less? Could such a 'caloric-restriction mimetic', as we call it, enable people to stay
healthy longer, postponing age-related disorders (such as diabetes, arteriosclerosis, heart disease
and cancer) until very late in life? Scientists first posed this question in the mid-1990s, after
researchers came upon a chemical agent that in rodents seemed to reproduce many of caloric
restriction's benefits. No compound that would safely achieve the same feat in people has been
found yet, but the search has been informative and has fanned hope that caloric- restriction (CR)
mimetics can indeed be developed eventually.

The benefits of caloric restriction

The hunt for CR mimetics grew out of a desire to better understand caloric restriction 's many
effects on the body. Scientists first recognized the value of the practice more than 60 years ago,
when they found that rats fed a low-calorie diet lived longer on average than fre e-feeding rats
and also had a reduced incidence of conditions that become increasingly commo n in old age.
What is more, some of the treated animals survived longer than the oldest-livi ng animals in the
control group, which means that the maximum lifespan (the oldest attainable age), not merely
the normal lifespan, increased. Various interventions, such as infection-fighting drugs, can
increase a population's average survival time, but only approaches that slow the body's rate of
aging will increase the maxim um lifespan.

   The rat findings have been replicated many times and extended to creatu res ranging from
yeast to fruit flies, worms, fish, spiders, mice and hamsters. Until fairly recently, the studies were
limited to short-lived creatures genetically distant from humans. But caloric-restriction projects
underway in two species more closely related to humans - rhesus and squi rrel monkeys - have
made scientists optimistic that CR mimetics could help people.

* calorie: a measure of the energy value of food

                                                                                                                        71
Test 3

   The monkey projects demonstrate that, compared with control animals that eat normally,
caloric-restricted monkeys have lower body temperatures and levels of the pancreatic hormone
insulin, and they retain more youthful levels of certain hormones that tend to fall with age.

   The caloric-restricted animals also look better on indicators of risk for age-related diseases.
For example, they have lower blood pressure and triglyceride levels (signifying a decreased
likelihood of heart disease), and they have more normal blood glucose levels (pointing to a
reduced risk for diabetes, which is marked by unusually high blood glucose levels). Further, it has
recently been shown that rhesus monkeys kept on caloric-restricted diets for an extended time
(nearly I5 years) have less chronic disease. They and the other monkeys must be followed still
longer, however, to know whether low-calorie intake cah increase both average and maximum
lifespans in monkeys. Unlike the multitude of elixirs being touted as the latest anti-aging cure, CR
mimetics would alter fundamental processes that underlie aging. We aim to develop compounds
that fool cells into activating maintenance and repair.

How a prototype caloric-restriction mimetic works

The best-studied candidate for a caloric-restriction mimetic, 2DG (2-deoxy-D-glucose), works
by interfering with the way cells process glucose. lt has proved toxic at some doses in animals
and so cannot be used in humans. But it has demonstrated that chemicals can replicate the
effects of caloric restr:iction; the trick is finding the right one.

   Cells use the glucose from food to generate ATP (adenosine triphosphate), the molecule that
powers many activities in the body. By limiting food intake, caloric restriction minimizes the
amount of glucose entering cells and decreases ATP generation. When 2DG is administered to
animals that eat normally, glucose reaches cells in abundance but the drug prevents most of it
from being processed and thus reduces ATP synthesis. Researchers have proposed several
explanations for why interruption of glucose processing and ATP production might retard aging.
One possibility relates to the ATP-making machinery's emission of free radicals, which are
thought to contribute to aging and to such age-related diseases as cancer by damaging cells.
Reduced operation of the machinery should limit their production and thereby constrain the
damage. Another hypothesis suggests that decreased processing of glucose could indicate to
cells that food is scarce (even if it isn't) and induce them to shift into an anti-aging mode that
emphasizes preservation of the organism over such 'luxuries' as growth and reproduction.

72
                                                                               Reading

Questions 28-32

Do the following statements agree with the claims of the writer in Reading Passage 3?

In box es 28-32 on your answer sheet, write

YES              if the statement agrees with the claims of the writer
                 if the statement contradicts the claims of the writer
NO               if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this
NOT GIVEN

28 Studies show drugs available today can delay the process of growing old.
29 There is scientific evidence that eating fewer calories may extend human life.
30 Not many people are likely to find a caloric-restricted diet attractive.
31 Diet-related diseases are common in older people.
32 In experiments, rats who ate what they wanted led shorter lives than rats on a low-

      calorie diet.

Questions 33-37

Classify the following descriptions as relating to

A caloric-restricted monkeys
B control monkeys
C neither caloric-restricted monkeys nor control monkeys

Write the correct letter, A, B or C, in box es 33-37 on your answer sheet.

33 Monkeys were less likely to become diabetic.
34 Monkeys experienced more chronic disease.
35 Monkeys have been shown to experience a lor.ger than average life span.
36 Monkeys enjoyed a reduced chance of heart disease.
37 Monkeys produced greater quantities of insulin.

                                                                                        73
Test 3

Questions 38-40

Complete the flow-chart below.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer
Write your answers in boxes 38-40 on your answer sheet.

                        How a caloric-restriction mimetic works

                                                     CR mimetic

                                      less 38 .. ... ............. .... .. is processed

                                                     j,

                                        production of ATP is decreased

                                      Theory 1:        Theory 2:

    cells less damaged by disease because               cells focus on 40 ...... ..... ...... ... .. ..
    fewer 39 ......... .. .... ......... a re emitted   because food is in short supply

74
                                                                                       Writ ing

WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
             The diagrams below show the life cycle of the silkworm and the stages in
             the production of silk cloth.
             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

                                                      Life cycle of the silkworm

Select

Boil
Unwind
Twist
Weave

                                                                                                     75
Test 3

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task .
Write about the following topic:

              Some people believe that visitors to other countries shouldfollow local
              customs and behaviour. Others disagree and think that the host country
              should welcome cultural differences.
              Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or expenence.
Write at least 250 words.

76
                                                                            Speaking

SPEAKING,

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Traffic where you live

• How do most people travel to work where you live?
• What traffic problems are there in your area? [Why?]
• How do traffic problems affect you?
• How would you reduce the traffic problems in your area?

PART 2                                         You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                               to two minutes.
  Describe a game or sport you enjoy playing.  You have one minute to think about what
                                               you are going to say.
  You should say:                              You can make some notes to help you if you
      what kind of game or sport it is         wish.
      who you play it with
      where you play it

  and explain why you enjoy playing it.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Children's games
Example questions:
How have games changed from the time when you were a child?
Do you think this has been a positive change? Why?
Why do you think children like playing games?

Games and competition
Example questions:

Do you think competitive games are good or bad for children? In what ways?
How can games sometimes help to unite people?
Why is competition often seen as important in today's society?

                                                                            77
Test 4

                                 LISTENING

SECTION 1 Questions 1-10

Complete the notes below.
Write N O MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER f or each answer.

    Examp le                     A nswer
    Title of conference:         !!!!'!~t;._l!!r_e_c!!O..'!.S.. in Computing

Three day cost:           1 £ .......... ... ...... .... .
                          Payment by 2 .... ........ ..... ...... . or on arrival

Accommodation:
Conference Centre

• 3 £ ... ... ..... .. ...... .. ... per night
• near to conference rooms
Guest House

• 4 £ ... ...... ... .... ...... .. per night
• approximately 5 ...... .. ....... .. ....... walk from Conference Centre

Further documents to be sent:

• 6 .......... .. .......... ..
• an application form

Location:
Conference Centre is on 7 .......... .. ............ Park Road, next to the 8 ........................ .
Taxi costs 9 £ .... .. .. .. ......... .. .. . or take bus number 10 ........................ from station .

78
                                                                                                             Listening

SECTION 2 Questions 11-20
Questions 11-13

Which team will do each of the following jobs?
Choose THREE answers from the box and write the correct letter, A-D, next to
questions 11-130

                                                      Teams
                                              A the blue team
                                              B the yellow team

                                 c the green team

                                              D the red team
11 checking entrance tickets 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 00 0 0
12 preparing refreshments 0 0 000000 0 000
13 directing car-park traffic 0000000 0 000 0

                                                                                                                      79
Test4

Questions 14-20

Complete the table below.
Write NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                                                 Tl:"avel Expo .

9.30 am   Talk by Anne Smith                                       Details
10.00 am  Talk by Peter Chen
                                               • information about pay
10.30 am  Coffee Break                         • will give out the 14 ....... ............. forms

11.00 am  Video Presentation                   • will discuss Conference Centre plan
                                               • will explain abo ut arrangements for
12.00     Buffet Lunch
1.00 pm   Meet the 20 ...... .... ........ ..    15 .. .... .............. and fire exits
3.00 pm   Finish
                                               • go to Staff Canteen on the
                                                 16 .............. .... ..

                                               • go to 17 ...... ..............
                                               • video title: 18 ................... .

                                               • go to the 19 .................. on I st floor

80
                                                                           Listening

SECTION 3 Questions 21-30
Questions 21-25

Complete the summary below
Write ONE WORD ONLYf or each answer.

The School of Education.. Libraries .

The libraries on both sites provide internet access and have a variety of
21 .. .. ... ..... ... ... ... materials on education.

The Castle Road library has books on sociology, together with 22 .... ....... .. ..... .. ... .

and other resources r~levant to the majority of 23 .. ... .. .... ............ . school subjects.
. .~. ~ ·; l ~-
                 t  •  •  '  •        •'  •

The Ford ham library includes resources for teaching in 24 ...... .................. education
and special needs.

Current issues of periodicals are available at both libraries, although
25 .. ......... .... ........ . issues are only available at Fordham.

Questions 26 and 27

Answer the questions below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.
26 Which books cannot be renewed by telephone or email?

27 How much time is allowed to return recalled books?

                                                                                                   81
Test4

Questions 28-30

Choose THREE letters, A-G
Which THREE topics do this term's study skills workshops cover?

      A An introduction to the Internet
      B How to carry out research for a dissertation
      C Making good use of the whole range of library services
      D Planning a dissertation
      E Standard requirements when writing a dissertation
      F Using the Internet when doing research
      G What books and technical resources are available in the library

82
                                                                Listening

SECTION 4 Questions 31-40

Questions 31-34

Choose the correct letter, A , B or C

31 When did Asiatic lions develop as a separate sub-species?
      A about 10,000 years ago
      B about 100,000 years ago
      C about 1,000,000 years ago

32 Pictures of Asiatic lions can be seen on ancient coins from
      A Greece.
      B The Middle East.
      C India.

33 Asiatic lions disappeared from Europe

      A 2,500 years ago.
      B 2,000 years ago.
      C 1,900 years ago.

34 Very few African lions have

      A a long mane.
      B a coat with varied colours.
      C a fold of skin on their stomach.

                                                                83
Test 4

Questions 35-40

Complete the sentences below.
Write NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER for each answer.

                                            THE GIR SANCTUARY
35 The sanctuary has an area of approximately ... .... ..... ............ square kilometres.
36 One threat to the lions in the sanctuary is ................ ........ .
37 The ancestors of the Gir Sanctuary lions were protected by a ........... .. ........ ... .
38 A large part of the lions' ...................... .. consists of animals belonging to local

       fa rmers.
39 The lions sometimes .. .... .... ......... ... .. , especially when water is short.
40 In ancient India a man would fight a lion as a test of .. .... .. ...... .......... .

84
         Reading

READING

READING PASSAGE 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 1-13, which are based on Reading Passage 1
on the following pages.

Questions 1-7

Reading Passage 1 has seven paragraphs, A-G.

Choose the correct heading for each paragraph from the list of headings below.

Write ihe correct number, i-x, in boxes 1-7 on your answer sheet.

                                                   List of Headings
                          Not all doctors are persuaded
                    ii Choosing the best offers
                    iii Who is responsible for the increase in promotions?
                    iv Fighting the drug companies
                    v An example of what doctors expect from drug companies
                    vi Gifts include financial incentives
                    vii Research shows that promotion works
                    viii The high costs of research
                    ix The positive side of drugs promotion
                    x Who really pays for doctors' free gifts?

1 Paragraph A
2 Paragraph B
3 Paragraph C
4 Paragraph D
5 Paragraph E
6 Paragraph F
7 Paragraph G

                                                                                                                      85
Test 4

A A few months ago Kim Schaefer, sales representative of a major global pharmaceutical
     company, walked into a medical center in New York to bring information and free
     samples of her company's latest products. That day she was lucky- a doctor was
     available to see her. 'The last rep offered me a trip to Florida. What do you have?' the
     physician asked. He was only half joking.

B What was on offer that day was a pair of tickets for a New York musical. But on any
     given day, what Schaefer can offer is typical for today's drugs rep- a car trunk full of
     promotional gifts and gadgets, a budget that could buy lunches and dinners for a small
     country, hundreds of free drug samples and the freedom to give a physician $200 to
     prescribe her new product to the next six patients who fit the drug's profile. And she
    also has a few $ t ,000 honoraria to offer in exchange for doctors' attendance at her
     company's next educational lecture.

C Selling pharmaceuticals is a daily exercise in ethical judgement. Salespeople like
     Schaefer walk the line between the common practice of buying a prospect's time with
     a free meal, and bribing doctors to prescribe their drugs. They work in an industry
     highly criticized for its sales and marketing practices, but find themselves in the middle
     of the age-old chicken-or-egg question- businesses won't use strategies that don't
     work, so are doctors to blame for the escalating extravagance of pharmaceutical
     marketing? Or is it the industry's responsibility to decide the boundaries?

D The explosion in the sheer number of salespeople in the field - and the amount of
     funding used to promote their causes - forces close examination of the pressures,
     influences and relationships between drug reps and doctors. Salespeople provide
     much-needed information and education to physicians. In many cases the glossy
     brochures, article reprints and prescriptions they deliver are primary sources of drug
     education for healthcare givers. With the huge investment the industry has placed in
     face-to-face selling, salespeople have essentially become specialists in one drug or
     group of drugs- a tremendous advantage in getting the attention of busy doctors in
     need of quick information.

E But the sales push rarely stops in the office. The flashy brochures and pamphlets left by
     the sales reps are often followed up with meals at expensive restaurants, meetings in
     warm and sunny places, and an inundation of promotional gadgets. Rarely do patients
     watch a doctor write with a pen that isn't emblazoned with a drug's name, or see a

86
                                                                                                                  Reading

     nurse use a tablet not bearing a pharmaceutical company's logo. M illions of dollars are
     spent by pharmaceutical companies on promotional products like coffee m ugs, shirts,
     umbrellas, and golf balls. Money well spent? It's ha~d to tell. 'I've been the recipient of
     golf balls from one company and I use them , but it doesn 't make me prescribe their
     medicine,' says one doctor. 'I tend to think I'm not influenced by what they give me.'
F Free samples of new and expensive drugs might be the single most effective way of
     getting doctors and patients to become loyal to a product. Salespeople hand out
     hundreds of dollars' worth of samples each week- $7 .2 billion worth of them in one
     year. Though few comprehensive studies have been conducted , one by t he University
     of Washington investigated how drug sample availability affected what physicians
     prescribe. A total of 131 doctors self-reported their prescribing patterns- the
     conclusion was that the availability of samples led them to dispense and prescribe
     drugs that differed from their preferred drug choice.

G The bottom line is that pharmaceutical companies as a whole invest more in marketing

     than they do in research and development. And patients are the ones who pay - in the
     form of sky-rocketing prescription prices- for every pen that's handed out, every free
     theatre ticket, and every steak dinner eaten . In the end the fact remains that
     pharmaceutical companies have every right to make a profit and will continue to find
     new ways to increase sales. But as the medical world continues to grapple wi t h what' s
     acceptable and what's not, it is clear that companies must continue tq be heavi ly
     scrutinized for their sales and marketing strategies.

                                                                                                                       87
Test 4

Questions 8-13

Do the following statements agree with the views of the writer in Reading Passage 1?

In boxes 8-13 on your answer sheet, write

    YES         if the statement agrees with the views of the writer

    NO          if the statement contradicts the views of the writer
    NOT GIVEN   if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

 8 Sales representatives like Kim Schaefer work to a very limited budget.
 9 Kim Schaefer's marketing technique may be open to criticism on moral grounds.
10 The information provided by drug companies is of little use to doctors.
11 Evidence of drug promotion is clearly visible in the healthcare environment.
12 The drug companies may give free drug samples to patients without doctors'

      prescriptions.
l3 It is legitimate for drug companies to make money.

88
                                                                                                                R eading

READING PASSAGE 2

 You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 14-26, which are based on R eading Passage 2
below.

         Do literate women make better mothers?

Children in developing countries are healthier and more likely to survive past the age of five
when their mothers can read and write. Experts in public health accepted this idea decades
ago, but until now no one has been able to show that a woman 's ability to read in itself
improves her children's chances of survival.

Most literate women learnt to read in primary school , and the fact that a woman has had an
education may simply indicate her family's wealth or that it values its children more highly.
Now a long-term study carried out in Nicaragua has el iminated these factors by showing that
teaching reading to poor adult women, who would otherwise have remained illiterate, has a
direct effect on their children's health and survival.

In 1979, the government of Nicaragua established a number of social programmes, including
a National Literacy Crusade. By 1985, about 300,000 illiterate adults from all over the
country, many of whom had never attended primary school , had learnt how to read, write and
use numbers.

During this period , researchers from the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, the Central
American Institute of Health in Nicaragua, the National Autonomous University of Nicaragua
and the Costa Rican Institute of Health interviewed nearly 3,000 women , some of whom had
learnt to read as children , some during the literacy crusade and some who had never learnt
at all. The women were asked how many children they had given birth to and how many of
them had died in infancy. The research teams also examined the surviving children to find out
how well-nourished they were .

The investigators' findings were striking. In the late 1970s, the infant mortal ity rate for the
children of illiterate mothers was around 110 deaths per thousand live births. At this point in
their lives, those mothers who later went on to learn to read had a similar level of child
mortality (105/1000). For women educated in primary school, however, the infant mortality
rate was significantly lower, at 80 per thousand.

                                                                                                       89
Test4

In 1985, after the National Literacy Crusade had ended, the infant mortality figures for those
who remained illiterate and for those educated in primary school remained more or less
unchanged. For those women who learnt to read through the campaign, the infant mortality
rate was 84 per thousand, an impressive 21 points lower than for those women who were
still illiterate. The children of the newly-literate mothers were also better nourished than those
of women who could not read.

Why are the children of literate mothers better off? According to Peter Sandiford of the
Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, no one knows for certain. Child health was not on the
curriculum during the women's lessons, so he and his colleagues are looking at other
factors. They are working with the same group of 3,000 women, to try to find out whether
reading mothers make better use of hospitals and clinics, opt for smaller families, exert more
control at home, learn modern childcare techniques more quickly, or whether they merely
have more respect for themselves and their children .

The Nicaraguan study may have important implications for governments and aid agencies that
need to know where to direct their resources. Sandiford says that there is increasing
evidence that female education, at any age, is 'an important health intervention in its own
right'. The results of the study lend support to the World Bank's recommendation that
education budgets in developing countries should be increased, not just to help their
economies, but also to improve child health.

'We've known for a long time that maternal education is important,' says John Cleland of the
London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. 'But we thought that even if we started
educating girls today, we'd have to wait a generation for the pay-off. The Nicaraguan study
suggests we may be able to bypass that.'

Cleland warns that the Nicaraguan crusade was special in many ways, and similar ea, npaigns
elsewhere might not work as well. lt is notoriously difficult to teach adults skills that do not
have an immediate impact on their everyday lives, and many literacy campaigns in other
countries have been much less successful. 'The crusade was part of a larger effort to bring a
better life to the people,' says Cleland. Replicating these conditions in other countries will be
a major challenge for development workers.

90
                                            Reading

Questions 14-18

Complete the summary using the list of words, A-J, below.

Write the correct letter, A-J, in boxes 14-18 on your answer sheet.

NB You may use any letter more than once.

   The Nicaraguan National Literacy Crusade aimed to teach large numbers of illiterate
   14 .......... .. ............ to read and write. Public health experts have known for many years that
   there is a connection between child health and 15 .............. ...... ... . . However, it has not
   previously been known whether these two factors were directly linked or not. This question
   has been investigated by 16 ........................ in Nicaragua. As a result, factors such as
   17 .. .... ......... ..... .... and attitudes to children have been eliminated, and it has been shown
   that 18 ........................ can in itself improve infant health and survival.

A child literacy       B men and women      c an international research team
D medical care         E mortality
G adults and children  H paternal literacy  F maternal literacy
J family wealth                             I a National Literacy Crusade

                                                                              91
Test4

Questions 19-24

Do the following statements agree with the claims of the writer in Reading Passage 2?

In boxes 19-24 on your answer sheet, write

    YES              if the statement agrees with the claims of the writer

    NO               if the statement contradicts the claims of the writer
    NOT GIVEN        if it is impossible to say what the writer thinks about this

19 About a thousand of the women interviewed by the researchers had learnt to read when
      they were children.

20 Before the National Literacy Crusade, illiterate women had approximately the same
      levels of infant mortality as those who had learnt to read in primary school.

21 Before and after the National Literacy Crusade, the child mortality rate for the illiterate
      women stayed at about 110 deaths for each thousand live births.

22 The women who had learnt to read through the National Literacy Crusade showed the
      greatest change in infant mortality levels.

23 The women who had learnt to read through the National Literacy Crusade had the
      lowest rates of child mortality.

24 After the National Literacy Crusade, the children of the women who remained illiterate
      were found to be severely malnourished.

Questions 25 and 26

Choose TWO letters, A-E.

Write the correct letters in boxes 25 and 26 on your answer sheet.

Which TWO important implications drawn from the Nicaraguan study are mentioned by the ·
writer of the passage?

      A It is better to educate mature women than young girls.
      B Similar campaigns in other countries would be equally successful.
      C The effects of maternal literacy programmes can be seen very quickly.
      D Improving child health can quickly affect a country's economy.
      E Money spent on female education will improve child health.

92
                                                                                                               Reading

READING PASSAGE 3

You should spend about 20 minutes on Questions 27-40, which are based on Reading Passage 3
on the following pages.

Questions 27-30

Reading Passage 3 has six sections, A-F.
Choose the correct heading for sections A-D from the list of headings below.
Write the correct number, i-vii, in boxes 27-30 on your answer sheet.

                                                  List of Headings
                           The role of video violence
                     ii The failure of government policy
                    ill Reasons for the increased rate of bullying
                     iv Research into how common bullying is in British schools
                     v The reaction from schools to enquiries about bullying
                     vi The effect of bullying on the children involved
                     vii Developments that have led to a new approach by schools

27 Section A
28 Section B
29 Section C
30 Section D

                                                                                                                    93
 Test4

   Persistent bullying is one ofthe worst experiences a child can face. How can it be prevented?
      Peter Smith, Professor of Psychology at the University of Sheffield, directed the Sheffield
            Anti-Bullying Intervention Project, funded by the Department for Education.
                                    Here he reports on his findings.

 A Bullying can take a variety of forms, from the verbal- being taunted or called hurtful
     names - to the physical - being kicked or shoved - as well as indirect forms, such as
     being excluded from social groups. A survey I conducted with lrene Whitney found
     that in British primary schools up to a quarter of pupils reported experience of
     bullying, which in about one in ten cases was persistent. There was less bullying in
     secondary schools, with about one in twenty-five suffering persistent bullying, but
     these cases may be particularly recalcitrant.

B Bullying is clearly unpleasant, and can make the child experiencing it feel unworthy
     and depressed. In extreme cases it can even lead to suicide, though this is thankfully
     rare. Victimised pupils are more likely to experience difficulties with interpersonal
     relationships as adults, while children who persistently bully are more likely to grow
     up to be physically violent, and convicted of anti-social offences.

C Until recently, not much was known about the topic, and little help was available to
     teachers to deal with bullying. Perhaps as a consequence, schools would often deny
     the problem. 'There is no bullying at this school' has been a common refrain, almost
     certainly untrue. Fortunately more schools are now saying: 'There is not much
     bullying here, but when it occurs we have a clear policy for dealing with it.'

D Three factors are involved in this change. First is an awareness of the severity of the
     problem. Second, a number of resources to help tackle bullying have become
    available in Britain. For example, the Scottish Council for Research in Education
    produced a package of materials, Action Against Bullying, circulated to all schools in
     England and Wales as well as in Scotland in summer 1992, with a second pack,
    Supporting Schools Against Bullying, produced the following year. In Ireland, Guidelines
    on Countering Bullying Behaviour in Post-Primary Schools was published in 1993. Third,
    there is evidence that these materials work, and that schools can achieve something.
    This comes from carefully conducted 'before and after' evaluations of intervent ions
    in schools, monitored by a research team. In Norway, after an intervention campaign
    was introduced nationally, an evaluation of forty-two schools suggested t hat, over a
    two-year period, bullying was halved. The Sheffield investigation, which involved
    sixteen primary schools and seven secondary schools, found that most schools
    succeeded in reducing bullying.

94
                                                                                                       Reading

E Evidence suggests that a key step is to develop a policy on bullying, saying clearly
     what is meant by bullying, and giving explicit guidelines on what will be done if it
     occurs, what records will be kept, who will be informed, what sanctions will be
     employed. The policy should be developed through consultation, over a period of
     time - not just imposed from the head teacher's office! Pupils, parents and staff
     should feel they have been involved in the policy, which needs to be disseminated and
     implemented effectively.
        Other actions can be taken to back up the policy. There are ways of dealing with
     the topic through the curriculum, using video, drama and literature. These are useful
     for raising awareness, and can best be tied in to early phases of development, while
     the school is starting to discuss the issue of bullying. They are also useful in renewing
     the policy for new pupils, or revising it in the light of experience. But curriculum
     wor k alone may only have short-term effects; it should be an addition to policy work,
     not a substitute.
        There are also ways of working with individual pupils, or in small groups.
     Assertiveness training for pupils who are liable to be victims is worthwhile, and
     certain approaches to group bullying such as 'no blame', can be useful in changing the
     behaviour of bullying pupils without confronting them directly, although other
     sanctions may be needed for those who continue with persistent bullying.
        Work in the playground is important, too. One helpful step is to train lunchtime
     supervisors to distinguish bullying from playful fighting, and help them break up
     conflicts. Another possibility is to improve the playground environment, so that
     pupils are less likely to be led into bullying from boredom or frustration.

F With these developments, schools can expect that at least the most serious kinds of
     bullying can largely be prevented. The more effort put in and the wider the whole
    school involvement, the more substantial the results are likely to be. The reduction
    in bullying - and the consequent improvement in pupil happiness - is surely a
    worthwhile objective.

                                                                                                                  95
Test4

Questions 31-34

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.
Write the correct letter in boxes 31-34 on your answer sheet.
31 A recent survey found that in British secondary schools

      A there was more bullying than had previously been the case.
      B there was less bullying than in primary schools.
      C cases of persistent bullying were very common.
      D indirect forms of bullying were particularly difficult to deal with.
32 Children who are bullied
      A are twice as likely to commit suicide as the average person.
      B find it more difficult to relate to adults.
      C are less likely to be violent in later life.
      D may have difficulty forming relationships in later life.
33 The writer thinks that the declaration 'There is no bullying at this school'
      A is no longer true in many schools.
      B was not in fact made by many schools.
      C reflected the school's lack of concern.
      D reflected a lack of knowledge and resources.
34 What were the findings of research carried out in Norway?
      A Bullying declined by 50% after an anti-bullying campaign.
      B Twenty-one schools reduced bullying as a result of an anti-bullying campaign.
      C Two years is the optimum length for an anti-bullying campaign.
      D Bullying is a less serious problem in Norway than in the UK.

96
                                                                                                              Reading

Questions 35-39

Complete the summary below.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the passage for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 35- 39 on your answer sheet.

                What steps should schools take to reduce bullying?

   The most important step is for the school authorities to produce a 35 .. ....... .. ............. which
    makes the school's attitude towards bullying quite clear. it should include detailed
   36 .. ... ... .... ........ .. .. as to how the school and its staff will react if bullying occurs.

       In addition, action can be taken through the 37 .. .... ... .. ...... .. ... .. . This is particularly useful
    in the early part of the process, as a way of raising awareness and encouraging discussion .
   On its own, however, it is insufficient to bring about a permanent solution .

       Effective work can also be done with individual pupils and small groups. For example,
   potential 38 ... .... .. .. ......... ... . of bullying can be trained to be more self-confident. Or again,
   in dealing with group bullying, a 'no blame' approach, which avoids confronting the:offender
   too directly, is often effective.

       Playground supervision will be more effective if members of staff are trained to recognise
   the difference between bullying and mere 39 ....... .......... ..... .. .

Question 40

Choose the correct letter, A, B, C or .D.
Write the correct letter in box 40 on your answer sheet.
Which of the following is the most suitable title for Reading Passage 3?

      A Bullying: what parents can do
      B Bullying: are the media to blame?
      C Bullying: the link with academic failure
      D Bullying: from crisis management to prevention

                                                                                                                       97
Test 4

                                   WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

             The charts below give information about USA marriage and divorce rates
             between 1970 and 2000, and the marital status of adult Americans in two
             of the years.
             Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
             and make comparisons where relevant.

Write at least 150 words.

              Number of marriages and divorces in the USA,
                                    1970-2000

          3 ~-------------------------------.

        2.5

        l!:l 2                                               • Marriages
                                                             1'1 Divorces
        ·e~ 1.5

        0.5

        0

                 1970              1980  1990  2000

        Marital status of adult Americans, 1970 and 2000

            80 -r-------------------------------------,
        :!;l 70 +-----------,

        'i 60 +-----~

        '0 50 + - - - - - -                                  [il970l
        ~ 40 +------
                                                             ~
        sc 3 0 + - - - - - -

        ~ 20 +----...-..,....,---

        ~ 10
        c. 0

                  Never            Married Widowed Divorced
                 Married

98
                                                                                                                 Writing

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

             Some people prefer to spend their lives doing the same things and avoiding
             change. Others, however, think that change is always a good thing.
             Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or expenence.
Write at least 250 words.

                                                                                                        99
Test 4

        SPEAKING

PART 1

The examiner asks the candidate about him/herself, his/her home, work or studies and other
familiar topics.

EXAMPLE

Your friends

• Do you prefer to have one particular friend or a group of friends? [Why?]
• What do you like doing most with your friend/s?
• Do you think it's important to keep in coatact with friends you knew as a child?

  [Why/Why not?]
• What makes a friend into a good friend?

PART 2                                     You will have to talk about the topic for one
                                           to two minutes.
  Describe an important choice you had to  You have one minute to think about what
  make in your life.                       you are going to say.
                                           You can make some notes to help you if you
  You should say:                          wish.
     when you had to make this choice
     what you had to choose between
     whether you made a good choice

  and explain how you felt when you were
  making this choice.

PART 3

Discussion topics:

Important choices

Example questions:
What are the typical choices people make at different stages of their lives?
Should important choices be made by parents rather than by young adults?
Why do some people like to discuss choices with other people?

Choices in everyday life

Example questions:
What kind of choices do people have to make in their everyday life?
Why do some people choose to do the same things every day? Are there any disadvantages in
this?
Do you think that people today have more choices to make today than in the past?

lOO
General Training: Reading and Writing
Test A

SEC TI ON 1 Questions 1-14

Read the text below and answer Questions 1-9.

                                                CAUSTON HEALTH CENTRE
                                            PATIENT INFORMATION LEAFLET

   A Appointments
   Please telephone 826969 (8.30am - S.OOpm: Mon - Fri). We suggest that you try to see the same doctor
   whenever possible because it is helpful for both you and your doctor to know each other well. We try
   hard to keep our appointments running to time, and ask you to be punctual to help us achieve this; if you
  cannot keep an appointment, please phone in and let us know as soon as possible so that it can be used fo r
  someone else. Please try to avoid evening appointments if possible. Each appointment is for one person
  only. Please ask for a longer appointment if you need more time.

  B Weekends and Nights

   Please telephone 823307 and a recorded message will give you the number of the doctor from the Centre
  on duty. Please remember this is in addition to our normal working day. Urgent calls only please.
  A Saturday morning emergency surgery is available between 9.30am and IO.OOam. Please telephone for
  home visits before IO.OOam at weekends.

  C Centre Nurses

  Liz Stuart, Martina Scott and Helen Stranger are available daily by appointment to help you with dressings,
  ear syringing, children's immunisations, removal of stitches and blood tests. They will also advise on foreign
  travel, and can administer various injections and blood pressure checks.
  For any over 75s unable to attend the clinic, Helen Stranger will make a home visit.
  All three Centre Nurses are available during normal working hours to carry out health checks on patients
  who have been on doctors' lists for 3 years.

  D New Patients

  Within 3 months of registering with the Centre, new patients on regular medication are invited to attend a
  health check with their doctor. Ot her patients can arrange to be seen by one of the Centre Nurses.

  E Services Not Covered

  Some services are not covered by the Centre e.g. private certificates, insurance, driving and sports
  medicals, passport signatures, school medicals and prescriptions for foreign travel. There are
  recommended fees for these set by the National Medical Association. Please ask at reception.

  F Receptionists

  O ur receptionists provide your primary point of contact - they are all very experienced and have a lot of
  basic information at their fingertips. They will be able to answer many of your initial queries and also act as
  a link with the rest of the team. They may request brief details of your symptoms or illness -this enables
  the doctors to assess the degree of urgency.

  G Change of Address

  Please remember to let us know if you decide to relocate. lt is also useful for us to have a record of your
  telephone number.

                                                                                                                     101
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 1-4

The text on page 101 has seven sections, A-G.

Which section contains the following information?

Write the correct letter, A-G, in boxes 1-4 on your answer sheet.

1 what to do if you need help outside normal working hours
2 who to speak to first for general information
3 what happens when you register with the Centre
4 what to do if you need to cancel a doctor's appointment

Questions 5-9

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the text on page 101?

In boxes 5-9 on your answer sheet, write

     TRUE       if the statement agrees with the information
     FALSE      if the statement contradicts the information
     NOT GIVEN  if there is no information on this

5 You must always see the same doctor if you visit the Centre.
6 If you want a repeat prescription you must make an appointment.
7 Helen Stranger is the Head Nurse.
8 It is possible that receptionists will ask you to explain your problem.
9 You should give the Health Centre your new contact details if you move house.

102
                                                                            Reading

Read the text below and answer Questions 10- 14.

                   BENTLEY HOSPITAL CATERING SERVICE
TO ALL PERMANENT AND TEMPORARY MEMBERS OF STAFF
IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Meal Breaks

(minimum company guidelines)

HOURS WORKED                  BREAK TO BE TAKEN

Q-4 hrs                       nil
4-6 hrs                       15 mins
                              30 mins
6-8 hrs
8-12 hrs                      60 mins (taken as 2 x 30 mins)
12-24 hrs
                              75 mins (taken as 2 x 30 mins + 1 x 15 mins)

You r section staffing board will show the times when these breaks are to be taken.

Please note
lt is your responsibility to check that the total break time shown on the staffing sheets
accurately reflects the breaks that you take. Any discrepancies should be raised with your
Staff Co-ordinator immediately.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS - FOOD HANDLERS
Food handlers are those concerned with preparing and serving unwrapped food.
Food handlers should report any instance of sickness, diarrhoea and/or stomach upset
experienced either while at work or during a holiday to a member of the Personnel
Management team. Any infections of ear, nose, throat, mouth, chest or skin should also be
reported to a member of the Personnel Management team.
Food handlers need to have an annual dental examination by the company dentist.
Alternatively, a current certificate of dental fitness may be produced from their own dentist.
This applies to all permanent staff who handle food.

                                                                                                103
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 10-14

Complete each sentence with the correct ending, A-J, below.
Write the correct letter, A-J, in boxes 10-14 on your answer sheet.
10 Temporary employees only working 3 hours should
11 Employees who work 11 hours should
12 To find out when to have their breaks, employees should
13 Employees working with food must
14 Food handlers who have been ill should

                       A talk to a staff co-ordinator.
                      B have two thirty-minute breaks.
                       C not take any breaks for meals.
                       D pay for any meals they have.
                       E get a single one-hour break.
                      F look at the section staffing board.
                       G lose pay for their break times.
                       H tell a member of the Personnel Management team.
                       I have an annual dental examination.
                      J consult their doctor.

104
                                                                                                              Reading

SECTION 2 Questions 15-27

Read the text below and answer Questions 15- 21.

  Bramley College International Scholarships

  There are seven types of scholarship offered by Bramley College to enrolled international students
 .to assist with the costs of their courses. With the exception of applications for scholarship category
  E, all newly-enrolled international students are automatically considered for these scholarships.
  The scholarship is awarded in the student's first year as a credit to second semester course fees. In
  all subsequent years, the scholarship is awarded as a credit to first semester course fees. The
  scholarships are awarded once per year unless otherwise stated.

  The scholarship categories are:

  A One scholarship of A$2000 for the most outstanding students entering the Foundation Studies
       Program from each of the following countries: Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. An
       additional six scholarships are available for students from other countries. These scholarships
       are offered on two dates, to students in the March and June intakes of the program .
       Scholarships are awarded on the basis of first semester results.

  B Three scholarships providing 25%of course fees for the duration of the course to the three
       most outstanding State Certificate of Education (SCE) students entering a Diploma or
       Certificate program. Scholarships are awarded on the basis of the previous year's SCE results.

  C Seventeen scholarships providing 25% of course fees for the duration of the course to
       outstanding Diploma or Certificate students entering each Bramley College School: three each
       in the Schools of Business and Engineering; two in the School of Applied Science; two in the
       School of Environmental Design ard Construction; two in the School of Art and Design; two in
       the School of Social Sciences and Communications; one in the School of Biomedical and
       Health Science; one in the School of Education and one in the School of Nursing.
       Scholarships are awarded on the basis of first semester results.

 D One scholarship of A$4000 per annum for the duration of the course to the most outstanding

       student entering the Diploma in Communication. Scholarships are awarded on the basis of
       first semester results.
  E Nine scholarships of A$3000 per annum for the duration of the course to the most
       outstanding students commencing any Advanced Certificate course. Scholarships are
       awarded on the basis of Basic Certificate results (not SCE results). Note that applicants need
       to apply for this scholarship on the Bramley College International Scholarship Application
       Form .
  F One full-fee scholarship to the most outstanding student commencing a Diploma in Art and
      Design (Photography) course. This scholarship is offered every second year, and is awarded
       on the basis of results obtained in the Certificate in Design course.
  G Four half-fee scholarships to outstanding students of Bramley College's Singapore campus for
       the final year of the two-year Certificate in Business Studies to be completed in Melbourne,
       Australia . Scholarships are awarded on the basis of first year results.

                                                                                                                      105
General Training: Reading and Writing
Questions 15-21

Look at the seven scholarship categories, A..:.G, on page 105.
For which scholarship are the following statements true?
Write the correct letter, A-G, in boxes 15-21 on your answer sheet.
NB You may use any letter more than once.
15 It is awarded on results obtained in the SCE exam.
16 It is only available to students from the College's overseas branch.
17 It is not offered every year.
18 Students need to apply for it.
19 It is offered twice each year.
20 It pays 100% of the student's tuition fees.
21 It provides 50% of one year's fees.

106
                                                                                                                Reading

Read the text below and answer Questions 22- 27

r--------------------------------------,
        Using the Internet and CD-ROM databases in the Library
    Bramley College now has full electronic information resources in the College Library to help
    you in your studies. On CD-ROM in the library we have about fifty databases, including many
    statistical sources.Want to know the average rainfall in Tokyo or the biggest export earner of
   Vanuatu? it's easy to find out. Whether you are in the School of Business or the School of Art
   & Design, it's all here for you.

   You can conduct your own CD-ROM search for no charge, and you can print out your results
   on the library printers using your library photocopying card. Alternatively. you can download
   your results to disk, again for no charge, but bring your own formatted floppy disk or
   CD-ROM. If you are not sure how to conduct a search for yourself, library staff can do it for
   you, but we charge $20 for this service, no matter how long or how short a time it takes.

   All library workstations have broadband access to the Internet, so you can find the web-based
   information you need quickly and easily. If you are unfamiliar with using the Internet, help is

   available in several ways. You can start with the online tutorial Netstart;just click on the Netstart

   icon on the Main Menu.The tutorial will take you through the basic steps to using the Internet,
   at any time convenient to you. If you prefer; ask one of the librarians for internet advice (best at
   quiet times between 9.00am and 11.30am weekdays) or attend one of the introductory group
   sessions that are held in the first two weeks of each term. Sign your name on the list on the
   Library Bulletin Board to guarantee a place, as they are very popular.

   A word of warning: demand for access to library workstations is very high, so you are strongly
   advised to book a workstation, and we have to limit your use to a maximum of one hour at
   any one time. Make your booking (for which you will receive a receipt) at the Information Desk
   or at the enquiry desks in the Media Services Area (Level I).Also, use of the computers is
   limited to Bramley students only, so you may be asked to produce your Student Identification
   Card to make a booking, or while using the workstations.

L--------------------------------------~

                                                                                                                     107
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 22-27

Choose the correct letter, A, B, Cor D.

Write the correct letter in boxes 22-27 on your answer sheet.

22 To use the library printers, students must have
      A a floppy disk.
      B correct change in coins.
      C a photocopying card.
      D their own paper.

23 To copy search results to a floppy disk, students pay
      A $20.
      B no fee.
      C a fee based on actual costs.
      D a fee dependent on the time taken.

24 If library staff search for information on CD-ROM, students pay
      A $20.
      B no fee.
      C a fee based on actual costs.
      D a fee dependent on the time taken.

25 Students can learn to use the Internet
      A at all times.
      B in the first two weeks of term only.
      C Monday to Friday only.
      D between 9.00am and 11.30am only.

26 To ensure efficient access to the library workstations, students should
      A queue to use a workstation in the Media Services Area.
      B reserve a time to use a workstation.
      C work in groups on one workstation.
      D conduct as many searches as possible at one time.

27 At any one time, students may use a library workstation for
      A half an hour.
      B one hour.
      C two hours.
      D an unlimited time.

108
                                                                                  Reading

SECTION 3 Questions 28-40
Questions 28-34

The text on pages 110 and Ill has seven paragraphs, A-G.
Choose the correct heading for each paragraph from the list of headings below.
Write the correct number, i-x, in boxes 28-34 on your answer sheet.

                                                        List of Headings
                                              American water withdrawal
                                         ii Economic pricing
                                       iii · What the future holds
                                       iv Successful measures taken by some
                                       v The role of research
                                       vi The thirsty sectors
                                       vii Ways of reducing waste
                                       viii Interdependence of natural resources
                                       ix The demands of development
                                       x The consequences for agriculture

28 Paragraph A

29 Paragraph B

30 Paragraph C

31 Paragraph D
32 Paragraph E
33 Paragraph F

34 Paragraph G

                                                                                  109
General Training: Reading and Writing

THE WATER CRISIS

     Greater efficiency in water use is needed to meet the growing
                             demands of a changing world

A Per capita water usage has been on an upward trend for many years. As countries
     industrialise and their citizens become more prosperous, their individual water usage
     increases rapidly. Annual per capita water withdrawals in the USA, for example , are
     about 1, 700 cubic metres, four times the level in China and fifty times the level in

     Ethiopia. In the 21st century, the world's limited supply of renewable fresh water is

     having to meet demands of both larger total population .and increased per capita
     consumption . The only practicable ways to resolve this problem in the longer term are
     economic pricing in conjunction with conservation measures.

B Agriculture consumes about 70% of the world's fresh water, so improvements in
     irrigation can make the greatest impact. At present, average efficiency in the use of
     irrigated water in agriculture may be as low as 50%. Simple changes could improve
    the rate substantially, though it is unrealistic to expect very high levels of water-use
     efficiency in many developing countries, faced as they are with a chronic lack of
     capital and a largely untrained rural workforce. After agriculture, industry is the
     second biggest user of water and, in terms of value added per litre used, is sixty
    times more productive than agriculture. However, some industrial processes use vast
     amounts of water. For example, production of 1 kg of aluminium might require 1,500
     litres of water. Paper production too is often very water-intensive. Though new
     processes have greatly reduced consumption, there is still plenty of room for big
     savings in industrial uses of water.

C In rich countries, water consumption has gradually been slowed down by price
     increases and the use of modern technology and recycling. In the USA, industrial
     production has risen fourfold since 1950, while water consumption has fallen by
     more than a third. Japan and Germany have similarly improved their use of water in
     manufacturing processes. Japanese industry, for example, now recycles more than
     75% of process water. However, industrial water consumption is continuing to
     increase sharply in developing countries. With domestic and agricultural demands
     also increasing, the capacity of water supply systems is under growing strain.

D Many experts believe that the best way to counter this trend is to impose water
    charges based on the real cost of supplies. This would provide a powerful incentive
    for consumers to introduce water-saving processes and recycling. Few governments
    charge realistic prices for water, especially to farmers. Even in rich California, farmers
    get water for less than a tenth of the cost of supply. In many developing countries

110
                                                                                                                 Reading

     there is virtually no charge for irrigation water, while energy prices are heavily
     subsidised too (which means that farmers can afford to run water pumps day and
     night). Water, which was once regarded as a free gift from heaven, is becoming a
     commodity which must be bought and sold on the open market just like oil. In the oil
     industry, the price increases which hit the market in .the 1970s, coupled with
     concerns that supplies were running low, led to new energy conservation measures
     all over the world. lt was realised that investing in new sources was a far more costly
     option than improving efficiency of use. A similar emphasis on conservation will be
     the best and cheapest option for bridging the gap between water supply and demand.

E One way to cut back on water consumption is simply to prevent leaks. lt is estimated
     that in some of the biggest cities of the Third World, more than half of the water
     entering the system is lost through leaks in pipes, dripping taps and broken
     installations. Even in the UK, losses were estimated at 25% in the early 1990s
     because of the failure to maintain the antiquated water supply infrastructure. In
     addition, huge quantities of water are consumed because used water from sewage
     pipes, storm drains and factories is merely flushed away and discharged into rivers or
     the sea. The modern approach, however, is to see used water as a resource which
     can be put to good use - either in irrigation or, after careful treatment, as recycled
     domestic water. Israel, for instance, has spent heavily on used water treatment.
     Soon, treated, recycled water will account for most farm irrigation there. There are
     other examples in cities such as St Petersburg, Florida, where all municipal water is
     recycled back into domestic systems.

F Another way of conserving water resources involves better management of the

     environment generally. Interference with the ecosystem can have a severe effect on
     both local rainfall patterns and water run-off. Forest clearings associated with India's
     Kabini dam project reduced local rainfall by 25%, a phenomenon observed in various
    other parts of the world where large-scale deforestation has taken place. Grass and
    other vegetation acts as a sponge which absorbs rainfall both in the plants and in the
    ground. Removal of the vegetation means that rainfall runs off the top of the land ,
    accelerating erosion instead of being gradually fed into the soil to renew ground
    water.

G Global warming is bound to affect rainfall patterns, though there is considerable
    disagreement about its precise effects. But it is likely that, as sea levels rise ,
    countries in low-lying coastal areas will be hit by seawater penetration of ground
    water. Other countries will experience changes in rainfall which could have a major
    impact on agricultu ral yield - either fo r better or for worse. In broad terms , it is
    thought that rainfall zones will shift northwards, adding to the water deficit in Africa,
    the Middle East and the Mediterranean - a grim prospect indeed.

                                                                                                                        Ill
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 35-40

Complete the summary below.
Choose NO MORE THAN TWO WORDS from the text for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 35-40 on your answer sheet.

    Individual water usage is rising dramatically as people living in industrialised countries
    become increasingly 35 ....... ..... ..... .. ... .. . As well as increased consumption per capita,
    the growing demand for fresh water is due to a bigger global 36 .. ... ........ .. ......... than in
    the past. The only way to control this increase in demand is to charge high prices for
    water while also promoting conservation measures. Improvements in irrigation
    systems and industrial processes could dramatically increase the efficiency of water
    use. There are examples of industries in some rich countries that have reduced their
    consumption rates through price increases, the application of 37 .. ........ ...... ... ..... and
    recycling. But in agricultural and domestic sectors , the price of water is still subsidised
    so it is not regarded as a commodity that people need to pay a realistic price for.

    Other ways of protecting supplies are to reduce water loss resulting from
    38 ....... ................. in the supply systems and to find ways of utilising used water.
    Longer term measures, such as improved environmental 39 ........................ would
    protect the ecosystem and ensure the replenishment of ground water for future
    generations. Without such measures , future supplies are uncertain, especially when
    global warming is expected to interfere with rainfall patterns and to worsen the
    40 ........................ already suffered by many countries today.

112
         Writing

WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

              You and your family are living in rented accommodation in an English-
              speaking country. You are not satisfied with the condition of some of the
             furniture.
              Write a letter to the landlord. In your letter
              • introduce yourself
              • explain what is wrong with the furniture
              • say what action you would like the landlord to take

Write at least 150 words.
You do NOT need to write any addresses.
Begin your letter as follows:

Dur ............ ,

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Write about the following topic:

             Some people think it would be a good idea for schools to teach every
             young person how to be a good parent.
             Do you agree or disagree with this opinion? Describe the skills a person
             needs to be a good parent.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

         113
General Training: Reading and Writing
Test B

SECTION 1 Questions 1-14

Read the tex t below and answer Questions 1- 8.

        THE EMPLOYMENT PAGES Saturday Edition

     Australia's biggest daily selection of job ads- helping you
                      to find the perfect position for you

                                 Saturday Job Guide

     A          Government Positions (New South Wales)

     B          Higher Education (Academic staff)

     C          Primary and Secondary Schools (Academic staff)

     D          Hospitals and Medical (Medical staff) ·

     E          IT and Computing

     F          Accountancy and Finance (Private)

     G          Hospitality and Kitchen Staff

     H          Self-employment Opportunities

     I          Rural Posts (incl. farm work)

     J          Casual Work Available

                Monday - Friday Job Highlights

     TUESDAY:   Education
     THURSDAY:  Local Government

                Hospital and Medical
                Government Health Vacancies (New South Wales)

114
                                                                                                              Reading

Questions 1-2

Answer the questions below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS from the text for each answer.
Write your answers in boxes 1 and 2 on your answer sheet.
1 On which TWO days does the newspaper advertise jobs for teachers?
2 On which TWO days does the newspaper advertise jobs for nurses?

Questions 3-8

Look at the ten categories ofjob advertisement, A-J, in the Saturday Job Guide on page 114.
Write the correct letter, A-J, in boxes 3-8 on your answer sheet.
Which category of job advertisement should you look at if
3 you are looking for a job as a university lecturer?
4 you want to start your own business?
5 you want a permanent job in a hotel?
6 you are looking for a job in public administration?
7 you are looking for agricultural work in the country?
8 you are looking for temporary work?

                                                                                                           115
General Training: Reading and Writing
Read the text below and answer Questions 9-14.

                      STANFIELD THEATRE

116
                                                              Reading

Questions 9-14

Do the following statements agree with the information given in the text on page 116?

In boxes 9-14 on your answer sheet, write

TRUE            if the statement agrees with the information
FALSE           if the statement contradicts the information
NOT GIVEN       if there is no information on this

 9 It is possible to book tickets for performances using the Internet.
10 60-year-olds who want to book in advance have to prove their age to get a discount.
11 Someone accompanying a wheelchair user to a performance receives a discount.
12 Students can get Standby tickets 45 minutes before a performance begins.
13 A group of ten adults going to a performance can claim a discount.
14 Theatre-goers who are unexpectedly unable to attend a performance can get their

      money back.

                                                                                        117
 General Training: Reading and Writing

 SECTION 2 Questions 15-27

 Questions 15-21

 The text on page 119 has eight sections, A-H.

 Choose the correct heading for sections B-Hfrom the list of headings below.

· Write the correct number, i-xii, in boxes 15-21 on your answer sheet.

                                                List of Headings
                                            Consult your teacher
                                        ii Take a break
                                    iii Make a timetable
                                    iv Create a working space
                                     V Sit comfortably
                                    vi Study at home
                                    vii Talk about your work
                                    viii Photocopy important material
                                     ix Catalogue references
                                     X Use the library
                                     xi Prioritise your work
                                     xii Exercise regularly

  Example     Answer
  Section A       iii

15 Section B
16 Section C
17 Section D
18 Section E
19 Section F
20 Section G
21 Section H

118
                                                 R eading

I TUDV TIPS

 A                                               books or other articles, it helps to keep
 However difficult you find it to arrange        details of the titles and authors on small
 your time, it will pay off in the long run if   cards in a card box. lt is also a good idea
 you set aside a certain part of the day for     to log these alphabetically so that you can
 studying- and stick to it. lt is best to make   find them easily- rather like keeping
 a weekly allocation of your time, making        telephone numbers. Ifs all too easy to read
 sure that you have enough left for              something and then forget where it came
 recreational activities or simply to be 'with'  from.
 yourself: reading a novel or watching a
 television programme.                           F

 B                                               Make use of equipment that is available to
 As part of your weekly schedule, it is also     you. If you find a useful article in the
 advisable to consider exactly what you          library, it is best to make a copy of the
 have to do in that week, and make sure          relevant pages before you leave. Then,
 that you tackle the most significant tasks      when you get back to your study, you can
 first, leaving the easier or less urgent        mark the article and make any comments
 areas of your work until later.                 that you have in the margin.

c                                                G
                                                 If you are working on a topic your teacher
 On a physical level, make sure that you         has set, but finding it hard to concentrate,
 have an area or space for studying. Don't       it may be that you actually need to take
 do it just anywhere. If you always study in     your mind right off it for a period of time.
the same place, preferably a room of your        'Airing the mind' can work wonders
 own, you will find it easier to adjust          sometimes. After a period away from the
 mentally to the activity when you enter         task, having not thought about it at all, you
that area. You shouid have everything that       may return to it refreshed and full of ideas.
·you might need at hand.
                                                 H
D                                                Similarly, it may help to discuss a topic
 Make sure that all the physical equipment       with other people, especially if you feel
that you use, such as a desk, chair etc. is      that you have insufficient ideas, or too
 at a good height for you. If you use a          many disorganised ideas. Bring your topic
 personal computer, there are plenty of          up in conversations at meal times or with
 guidelines available from the government        other students and see what they have to
 on posture, angles, lighting and the like.      say. You don't want to copy their ideas but
 Consult these and avoid the typical student     listening to what they think about
 aches and pains.                                something may well help you develop or
                                                 refine your own thoughts.
 E
 If you are doing a long essay or research                                                      119
 paper which involves the use of library
General Training: Reading and Writing

Read the tex t below and answer Questions 22-27.

STUDY CENTRE COURSES

A                                      E                                    I
From Paragraph to Essay
Of particular relevance to             Media Use                            The Job for Me
students who wish to                   Open to all students, this           Finding it, applying for it and
improve their organisational           course focuses on the many           getting it. Where can it all go
skills and who feel that their         ways we can profit                   wrong? Written and oral
final product is never clear           linguistically from the radio        course with simulation
enough.                                and television. Use of video         exercises using authentic
                                       essential. Group projects            newspaper advertisements.
                   Thursday 1b-12      form part of course.
                         Kiran Singh                                                          Friday 1D-11.30
                                                            Tuesday 9-11                  Fabbeh AI-Hussein
B                                                             Steve Ansell
Communicate by Mail                                                         J
Owing to the popularity of             F                                    Can I Help You?
last term's course, this is a                                               Practical course for students
repeat. Requests for                   The Short Story                      who wish to improve their
information, notification of           A venture into the world of          telephone skills. Breaks the
personal details and                   popular writers. One story is        ice for newcomers. No
enclosures will be looked at.          selected for adaptation into a       written skills required.
Please note that this is not a         short play and group
business course.                       performance. Pre-arranged                             Wednesday 3-5
                                       groups welcome.                                                  Mike Vas
                          Friday 2-4
                           Celia Rice                  Thursday 11-1.30     K
                                                             · Mrs Owen     The Customer is Always
c                                                                           Right
                                       G                                    An interesting angle - how
Source Material                                                             do you reply to letters from
How do you gather                      Caught for Speeding                  customers? What tone is
information for a project or           Open to all students. Simple         best and when? How do you
paper? A practical course              eye exercises to help you            achieve results?
which looks at sources of              skim and scan. How to be
information and how to use ·           selective on the page. Using                         Wednesday 11-1
cataloguing systems.                   headings, topic sentences                                      Celia Rice
                                       and paragraphs for easy
                    Monday 1o-11       access.                              L
                         Kiran Singh
                                                        Wednesday 11-1      Tense about Tenses
D                                                                Mrs Owen   For those who worry about
                                                                            their individual words - a
Express Yourself                       H                                    look at tenses and other
An advanced course suitable                                                 aspects of the language
for students who are about             Quote Me if You Must                 through poetry and song.
 to step into organisations            The do's and don'ts of using         Good voice helps but not
 where they may have to                source material. How to              essential!
 voice their opinions in               incorporate it into your own
 various forums.                       work in an acceptable way.                             Saturday 1D-12
                                       How not to plagiarise other                                 Steve Ansell
                      Monday 12-2      people's articles, books etc.
                         Dave Parrin
                                                        Tuesday 9-10.30
120                                                            DrJohnson
                                                                       Reading

Questions 22-27

Look at the twelve descriptions of courses, A-L, on page 120.

For which description are the following statements true?

Write the correct letter, A-L, in boxes 22-27 on your answer sheet.

22 This course would be useful for dealing with letters of complaint.
23 This course will help you use the libraries.
24 This course will improve your performance at interviews.
25 This course will help you with acknowledging your sources.
26 This course will help you improve your reading skills.
27 This course will help you improve your grammar.

                                                                       121
General Training: Reading and Writing

SECTION 3 Questions 28-40

Read the text on pages 122 and 123 and answer Questions 28~0.

PTEROSAURS

Remains of the pterosaur, a cousin of
the dinosaur, are found on every
continent.
Richard Monastersky reports

A Pterosaurs stand out as one of nature's

     great success stories. They first appeared

     during the Triassic period, 215 million

     years ago, and thrived for 150 million

     years before becoming extinct at the end

     of the Cretaceous period. Uncontested in

     the air, pterosaurs colonised all

     continents and evolved into a vast array The Pterosaur: a flying reptile that lived during the

     of shapes and sizes.                          time of the dinosaur

B Until recently, most scientists would not           surrounded pterosaurs since the first
                                                      discovery of one in the early 1700s.
       have put pterosaurs in the same class as
       birds in terms of flying ability. Because      Cosimo Alessandro Collini, the first
                                                      natural historian to study the fossil and
      pterosaurs were reptiles, generations of D      describe it, was unable to classify it. lt
                                                      was not until 1791 that the great French
       researchers imagined that these                anatomist Georges Cuvier deduced that
       creatures must have been cold-blooded,         the animal was in fact a flying reptile,
      . like modern snakes and lizards. This          whose fourth finger supported a wing. He
       would have made flying awkward, as             named the fossil Pterodactylus,
       they would have lacked the endurance to        combining the Greek words for wing and
       power their muscles for long periods of        finger. A few decades later, the name
       time.                                          pterosaur, or winged reptile, was adopted
                                                      to describe the growing list of similar
C In the past three decades, however, a               fossils.

     number of fossil* discoveries have               In 1873, a remarkable pterosaur
                                                      specimen came to light that confirmed
     prompted researchers to re-examine their         Cuvier's deduction. Unlike earlier fossils,
                                                      this new find near the Bavarian town of
     views. The new picture of pterosaurs             Solnhofen contained delicate wing
                                                      impressions, establishing definitely that
     reveals that they were unlike any modern      E  the extinct reptile was capable of flight.
                                                      Even though over a t ttousand pterosaur
     reptile. From a fossil discovered in             specimens are known today, such wing
                                                      impressions remain rare. Normally only
     Kazakhstan, scientists suspect that              bones survive the fossilisation process.

     pterosaurs had a covering resembling

     fur. If so, this detail provides evidence of

     a warm-blooded body that could

     maintain the kind of effort needed to stay

     in the air. Indeed, scientists now believe

     that many pterosaurs were gifted air-

     borne predators, built to feed while in

     flight. And, in fact, such controversy has

* fossil: the remains or impression of a plant or  F But how pterosaurs learnt to fly remains
  animal which ·has been preserved in rock for a
  long time                                               a matter for disagreement. Most

                                                          researchers conclude that pterosaurs are

122
                                                                                   Reading

descended from a small tree-dwelling           I Ouetzalcoatlus represents the height of

reptile that spent its life jumping between       pterosaur evolution. 'Unlike smaller

branches. This creature would have                pterosaurs, it could use natural currents

spread its limbs, and used flaps of skin          to stay in the air without having to move

attached to its limbs and body to help it         its wings continuously,' said Paul

to land gently on the ground. Over many           MacCready, an aeronautical engineer. 'As

generations the fo.urth finger on each of         pterosaurs got larger, ttiey discovered the

its front 'arms' would have grown longer,         benefits of gliding on air currents,
making the skin surface larger and                making use of a free energy source. With

enabling the animal to glide farther.             their hollow bones, these pterosaurs had

Meanwhile, the competing argument                 a very light construction, ideal for such

holds that pterosaurs developed from              activity.'

       two-legged reptiles that ran along the     As we walked beneath the Quetzalcoatlus
                                                  model in Santa Monica, MacCready
      ground, perhaps spreading their arms for J  pointed out its similarity to sailplanes,
                                                  the most efficient kind of aeroplanes.
       balance. Through gradual growth, the
       front arms would then have evolved into    Both have long slender wings designed
       wings. This difficult issue will only be
       resolved with the discovery of earlier     to fly with minimum power. During flight,
       forms of pterosaurs.                       sailplane pilots routinely search for
                                                  places where heat rises from sun-baked
G 'lt's very difficult to say how pterosaurs

changed over time because the earliest            earth, creating hot air currents called

fossils we have are of pterosaurs whose           thermals. Undoubtedly, Quetzalcoatlus

fourth finger has already tr'ansformed            would have used thermals as well, lazily
into a wing,' says Fabio dalla Vecchia, an        circling over the river deltas that once

Italian researcher. In fact, the earliest         covered parts of Texas.

known pterosaurs came from the                 K The triumphant reign of pterosaurs
mountains of northern Italy, where he
                                                  ended with this giant flier. At the end of
has spent years searching for flying
                                                  the Cretaceous period 65 million years
reptiles. These species have shorter
                                                  ago, a meteorite or comet slammed into
wings than later forms, but there is
                                                  the Earth. That calamity- and other
evidence that they were skilful fliers,
                                                  events- wiped out roughly three
capable of catching fish over open water.
                                                  quarters of all species, including all
Proof of this has been found in the fossil
                                                  pterosaurs and dinosaurs. But before
of a Eudimorphodon, a 215-million-year-
                                                  their disappearance, pterosaurs enjoyed
old pterosaur found near Bergamo, Italy.
                                                  unequalled success. They flew into sunny
Under a microscope, several fish scales
                                                  skies before any other vertebrate. For 150
can be seen in the abdomen of the
                                                  million years they sailed the winds on the
specimen- the remains of the
                                                  strength of a fragile finger. What a
pterosaur's last meal.
                                                  glorious ride they had.

H A different but equally impressive sight is

the life-size model of Quetzalcoat/us

northropi, which stares down at visitors

in the Museum of Flying in Santa Monica,

California. lt has a beak the size of a man

and wings wider than those of many of

the planes exhibited nearby. This

pterosaur had wings over 11 metres

wide, making it the largest flying animal

ever known.

                                                                                           123
General Training: Reading and Writing

Questions 28-34

The text has eleven paragraphs, A-K.
Which paragraph contains the following information?
Write the correct letter, A-K, in boxes 28-34 on your answer sheet.
28 similarities between pterosaurs and mechanical flight
29 the identification of the type of creature a pterosaur actually was
30 conflicting theories about how pterosaurs came to fly
31 the cause of widespread destruction of animal life on our planet
32 the fact that pterosaurs once existed all over the world
33 the first clear proof that pterosaurs could fly
34 concrete evidence that pterosaurs hunted their food from the air

Questions 35-38

Look at the following statements (Questions 35-38) and the list ofpeople below.
Match each statement with the correct person, A, B, Cor D.
Write the correct letter, A, B, CorD, in boxes 35-38 on your answer sheet.
35 He refers to the difficulty of determining how pterosaurs evolved without further

      evidence.
36 He failed to interpret the evidence before him.
37 He gave an appropriate name to the first pterosaur that was discovered.
38 He mentions the ability of pterosaurs to take advantage of their environment.

                                                  List of People
                                     A Cosimo Alessandro Collini
                                     B Georges Cuvier
                                     C Fabio dalla Vecchia
                                     D Paul~acCready

124
                                                                                                            Reading

Questions 39 and 40

Complete the sentences below.
Choose NO MORE THAN THREE WORDS AND/OR A NUMBER from the text for each
answer.
Write your answers in boxes 39 and 40 on your answer sheet.
39 So far, evidence of a total of ........................ pterosaurs has been discovered.
40 The wings of Quetzalcoatlus measured more than ........................ across.

                                                                                                                   125
General Training: Reading and Writing

                                         WRITING

WRITING TASK 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
              You have just moved into a new home and are planning to hold a party.
              You are worried that the noise may disturb your neighbour.
              Write a letter to.your neighbour. in your letter
              • introduce yourself
              • describe your plans for the party
              • invite your neighbour to come

Write at least 150 words.
You do NOT need to write any addresses.
Begin your letter as follows:
Dear .... .. .. .. .. ,

WRITING TASK 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
Write about the following topic:

              Using a computer every day can have more negative than positive effects
             on young children.
             Do you agree or disagree?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.
Write at least 250 words.

126
Tapescripts

             TEST l

SECTION 1

W OMAN:    Good morning, oh sorry, it's gone 12, I'll start again, good afternoon,  Example
           Kingswell Sports Club, how can I help you?
MAN:       Oh, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could give me some            Ql
           information about membership and facilities.                             Q2
WOMAN:     Of course. What would ~ou like to know?                                  Q3
MAN:       Do you have tennis courts, for example?                                  Q4
WOMAN:     No, I'm afraid we don't. We're primarily a golf club.
MAN:       What about football? I heard you had a team.
WOMAN :    No, I'm sorry. Perhaps you're thinking about Fresham Sports Centre.
MAN :      Oh, right. I know it. I've played badminton there.
WOMAN:     Have you? They've got a lot of facilities we don't have and vice versa.
           We do have a keep-fit studio, which is very popular with members,
MAN :      and then as well as that there's swimming, of course.
WOMAN :    That's good. I like to swim every day.
MAN:       We have a range of classes too.
WOMAN:     Do you have judo classes? I'm keen to learn.
           Well, at the moment we offer kick-boxing. We're planning to add
MAN :      judo and stretch classes soon. We're currently running a range of yQ!@
           classes, too.
WOMAN:     What about relaxing after exercise? I assume you have a restaurant or
           something.
MAN:       At the moment, we've got a salad bar which is very popular. We'll
           also have a fully-licensed restaurant by the end of the year.
           Sounds good!

WOMAN:     What kind of membership are you interested in?
MAN:       Urn I'm not really sure. What are the options?
WOMAN :    Well, there are three different membership schemes.
MAN:       I see. What's the difference?
WOMAN:     Well, the first one's called Gold, and you can use all the facilities at
           any time of the day or week. You can also join in as many classes as
MAN:       you like for free.
WOMAN:     That sounds good. Is it very expensive?
           Well, you pay a £250 joining fee and then it's £450 - oh no, I'm sorry,
           it's just gone up by £50, sorry about that - it's now £500 for the annual Q5
           subscription fee.

                                                                                         127
Tapescripts

MAN:         Right, got that. And what 's the next type?
WOMAN:
             Well, that's Silver- it's the same as Gold except you have to pay a
MAN:
WOMAN:       small fee of £1.00 per lesson for any you do and you can only use the Q6
MAN:
WOMAN:       centre at certain times.
MAN :
             I see. So when exactly?
WOMAN:
             You can only use the facilities between I 0 am and 4.30 pm.                Q7
MAN:
             So I couldn't use the pool at 8 in the morning or evening, then?
WOMAN:
MAN:         That's right.
WOMAN:
MAN:         OK. And the price for that? Is the joining fee the same as for
WOMAN:
MAN:         Gold?
WOMAN:
             Actually, it's slightly less than the £250- it's £225, but the annual fee
MAN:
             is only £300. Does that sound more like what you want?
WOMAN:
             Well, it's still rather more expensive than I thought. I'm a
MAN:
WOMAN:       student here in England and I'm only here for six

MAN:         months.
WOMAN:
             Ah, then the Bronze scheme would probably suit you best.

             How is that different?

             Well, some of the facilities have restricted use.

             And do I have to pay for classes?

             Yes, it's £3 for each class you join.

             I see. And what are the hours then?

             Between 10.30 and 3.30 weekdays only and you pay a £50 joining fee.

             The annual fee is £180- it works out at £15 a month, so that would be QB

             quite a lot cheaper.

             Oh, that should be all right. I could come in my free periods. What do

             I have to do if I want to join?

             Well, we book you in for an assessment with an instructor, who will Q9

             show you how to use all the equipment. If you want to organise a trial

             session and look around the centre, you'll need to speak to David

             Kynchley.

             Hmm. Could you spell that please?

             Yes, David K- Y-N-C-H-L-E-Y. I'll give you his direct line number. QJO

             It's oh- four- five-eight-nine-five-three-double one.

             Thanks.

             Thank you for calling Kingswell Sports Club.

SECTION 2

MAN:         And here on Radio Rivenden we have Lynne Rawley, the .Public
             Relations Officer of our own Rivenden City Theatre. Hello,
LYNNE:       Lynne.
MAN:         Hello.
             Now, the theatre is reopening soon after its three-year redevelopment
             programme, isn't it?

128
                                                                                     Test 1

 LYNNE:  That's right, and there are a lot of improvements. The first thing people

 MAN:    will see when they go in is that the foyer has been repainted in the
 LYNNE:
         original green and gold. Then the box office has been reoriented.           Qll
MAN:
LYNNE :  with its own access from the side of the building instead of through

MAN:     the foyer, which means it can be open longer hours, and has more
LYNNE:
         space, too. The shop that used to be in the foyer, which sold books
MAN :
LYNNE:   and CDs, is the one part of the redevelopment which isn't yet
MAN:
         complete. The plan is to find new premises for it near the theatre,

         and we've had difficulty finding somewhere suitable. We hope to             QJ2

         reopen the shop in the next few months.

         Will audiences find any difference in the auditorium?

         Yes, we've increased the leg-room between the rows. This means that

         there are now fewer seats but we're sure audiences will be much             Ql3

         happier. And we've installed air conditioning, so it won't get so hot

         and stuffy. We already had a few seats which were suitable for

         wheelchair users, and now there are twice as many, which we hope            Ql4

         will meet demand. Something else that will benefit audiences is

         the new lifts. The two we used to have were very small and slow.            Ql5

         They've now gone. and we've got much more efficient ones.

         Anything for the performers?

         Yes, we've made a number of improvements backstage. The small.              Ql6

         dark dressing rooms we used to have have been converted into two large

         airy rooms, so they're much more comfortable now. And the state-

         of-the-art electronic sound and lighting systems have been installed.

         OK, so what's the first play that audiences can see when the theatre

         reopens?

         We've got a very exciting production of Peter Shaffer's Royal Hunt of

         the Sun, which is currently touring the country. That starts on

         October the 13th and runs till the 19th. We're experimenting a bit with Ql7

         the time the curtain goes up. We used to start all our performances at

         7.30, but that made it difficult for people to go home by public

         transport, so instead we're beginning at 1, because at 9.45, when it        Ql8

         finishes, there are still buses running. Tickets are already selling fast.

         The Friday and Saturday performances sold out almost immediately

         and, in fact, now there are only tickets for Monday and Thursday.           Ql9

         How much are they?

         We've introduced a simpler price structure. Ticket prices used to range

         fr~m £6 to £30 but now they're all ill. They're available from the box Q20

         office, in person, by phone, fax or post, or online.

         OK, Lynne, now if you'd like to give the contact details for the

         theatre ...

                                                                                          129
Tapescripts

SECTION 3

TUTOR :      Hello, can I help you?
BRIAN :      I was told to come here, because I'd like to talk to someone about taking
             a management course.
TUTOR :      Right. I'm one of the tutors, so I should be able to help you.
BRIAN :      Oh, good. My name's Brian Ardley. I've decided to enrol on a part-
             time management course. A friend of mine took one last year, and
TUTOR:       recommended it to me.
BRIAN:       Right.
TUTOR:       Is there anything I should do before the course, like reading or anything?
             We prefer to integrate reading with the course, so we don't give out a
BRIA N:      reading list in advance. But we like people to write a case study,
             describing an organisation they know.
TUTOR :      I've already done that, as my friends told me you wanted one. But
BRIAN:
TUTOR:       would it te possible to sit in on a teaching session, to see what it's like? Q21
BRIAN:
             I haven't been a student for quite a while.
TUTOR:       Fine. Just Jet me know which date, and I'll arrange it with the tutor.
BRIAN:       Now, could I ask you about the college facilities, please?
TUTOR :      Anything in particular?
BRIAN:       Well, the course is one day a week, all day, isn't it? So presumably it's
             possible to buy food?
TUTOR:       Yes, the refectory's open all day.
BRIAN:       Does it cater for special diets? I have some food allergies.
TUTOR:       Provided you warn the refectory in advance, it won't be a problem. Q22
             Good. What about facilities for young children? I'd like to bring my
BRIAN:       daughter here while I'm studying.
TUTOR:       How old is she?
             Three.
BRIAN :      Then she's eligible to join the nursery, which is supervised by a qualified Q23
TUTOR:       Nursery Nurse. The waiting list for a place is quite long though, so you
             ought to apply now.
BRIAN :      OK.
TUTOR:       I don't know if our careers advice service would be of any interest to
             you?
BRIAN:       Yes, it might help me decide how to develop my career after the course.
             The centre has a lot of reference materials, and staff qualified to give
TUTOR:       guidance on a one-to-one basis.
             I noticed a fitness centre next to the college. Is that for students?
             It's open to everyone, but students pay an annual fee that's much less Q24
             than the general public pay.
             And presumably the college library stocks newspapers and journals, as
             well as books?
             Yes, and there's also an audio-visual room, for viewing and listening to
             videos, cassettes, and so on.

130
                                                                                                   Test 1

BRIAN:     Is there also access to computers?
TUTOR:     Yes, your tutor will need to arrange with the technical support team for Q25
           you to get a password, so ask him or her about it when you start the course.
BRIAN:     OK.

TUTOR:     By the way, do you know about our Business Centre?
BRIAN:
TUTOR:     No. What's that?

BRIAN:     It's a training resource- a collection of materials for people to study on
TUTOR:
           their own, or use in their own organisations.
BRIAN :
           Uhuh. You mean books and videos?
TUTOR:
BRIAN:     Yes, and manuals for self-study. Plus a lot of computer-based materials,
TUTOR:
           so people can work through them at their own speed, and repeat anything
BRIAN:
TUTOR:     they aren't sure about. And you can hire~ to use in your own                            Q26/27
BRIAN:
TUTOR :    home or workplace as well as printers that you can take away.                           Q26/27

BRIAN:     Does it have anything that I could use to improve my study skills? I don't

TUTOR:     have much idea about report writing, and I'm sure I'll need it on the                   Q28
BRIAN :
           course.

           Oh yes, there's plenty of useful material. Just ask one of the staff.

           Does the centre cover all the main areas of business?

           Yes, topics like finance, and of course marketing - that's a popular one. Q29

           Local managers seem to queue up to borrow the videos!

           So it isn't just for students, then?

           No, it's for members only, but anyone can join.

           How much does it cost?

           £100 a year for a company, and £50 for an individual, with no discount Q30

           for students, I'm afraid.

           That's very helpful. Well, I think that's all. I'd better go home and fill in

           the enrolment form. Thanks for all your help.

           You're welcome. Goodbye.

           Goodbye.

SECTION 4

In the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of London,
and this morning we're continuing with a look at life in the area called the East End. I'll start
with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the twentieth
century.

Back in the first to the fourth centuries AD, when the Romans controlled England, London

grew into a town of 45,000 people, and what's now the East End -the area by the river

Thames, and along the road heading north-east from London to the coast -consisted of

farmland with crops and livestock which helped to~ that population.                                Q31

                                                                                                        131
Tapescripts

The Romans left in 410, at the beginning of the fifth century, and from then onwards the
country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day Germany and Denmark,
the Angles, Saxons and Jutes, many of whom settled in the East End. The technology they
introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time. And as Q32
the East End was by the river, ships could transport goods between there and foreign
markets.

In the eleventh century, in 1066 to be precise, the Normans conquered England, and during
the next few centuries London became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in
Europe. The East End benefited from this, and because there were fewer restrictions there Q33
than in the city itself, plenty of newcomers settled there from abroad, bringing their &kills
as workers, merchants or money-lenders during the next few hundred years.

In the sixteenth century the first dock was dug where ships were constructed, eventually Q34
making the East End the focus of massive intemational trade. And in the late sixteenth
century, when much of the rest of England was suffering economically, a lot of agricultural Q35
workers came to the East End to look for alternative work.

In the seventeenth century, the East End was still a series of separate, semi-rural settlements.
There was a shortage of accommodation, so marshland was drained and built on to house Q36
the large numbers of people now living there:

By the nineteenth century London was the busiest port in the world, and this became the

main source of employment in the East End. Those who could afford to live in more pleasant

surroundings moved out, and the area became one where the vast majority of people lived

in extreme poverty, and suffered from appalling sanitary conditions.                     Q37

That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the twentieth century, and now we'll turn to
housing.

At the beginning of the century, living conditions for the majority of working people in East
London were very basic indeed. Houses were crowded closely together and usually very Q38/39/40
badly built, because there was no regulation. But the poor and needy were attracted by the
possibility of work, and they had to be housed. It was the availability, rather than the
condition, of the housing that was the major concern for tenants and landlords alike.

Few houses had electricity at this time. so other sources of power were used. like coal for Q38/39/40
the fires which heated perhaps just one room. Of course, the smoke from these contributed
a great deal to the air pollution for which London used to be famous.

A tiny. damp. unhealthy house like this might well be occupied by two full families. possibly Q38/39/40
including several children. grandparents. aunts and uncles.

.Now, before I go on to health implications of this way of life, I'll say something about food
and nutrition.

132
                                                                                              Test 2

                                     TEST 2

SECTION 1

 MAN:      Good morning, Synmouth Museum. Can I help you?
 WOMAN:
           Oh yes. Good morning. I'm interested in the children's workshops and
 MAN:
 WOMAN:    I'd like a little more information, please.

 MAN:      Do you mean the Art and Craft workshops?

WOMAN:     Yes. A friend of a friend mentioned them- the children do painting and
MAN:
           make models and so forth .
WOMAN:
MAN:       Yes, of course. Urn, where to begin? First of all, as you probably know,

WOMAN:     they run every Saturday.                                                       Example
MAN :
WOMAN:     Fine. And what about ages?

MAN:       Well, all ages from five upwards are welcome, though we do ask that
WOMAN:
MAN :      children below cigh1 years of age are accompanied by an adult.                 Ql
WOMAN :
MAN:       Fine. That wouldn't be a problem. What about cost?
WOMAN:
MAN:       Well, I think you'll find them very reasonable. It's £2.50 a child, with 80

WOMAN:     pence off for two or more children from the same family.

MAN:       Oh yes, very reasonable. And are they held in the main museum?

WOMAN:     Not exactly. They're nearby.
MAN:
           Could you give me the full address? I don't know the area very
WOMAN :
           well.
MAN :
           Yes, it's Winter House.
WOMAN:
           Right.

           And that's in Tamer Street.

           Could you spell that please?

           Yes, T-A-M- E- R Street.                                                       Q2

           Lovely.

           And I do need to tell you that there's a security entrance, so you need

           to press the green button for someone to let you in. Don't press the red Q3

           button please, but don't worry, it's all clearly labelled.

           OK. And one more question- is parking available nearby? We're driving

           in from out of town.

           Your best bet is to leave your car at the back of the~- on a                   Q4

           Saturday morning there are plenty of spaces there. It's right next door

           to the museum.

           And can I ask about booking places?

           Yes, and I must tell you, you really should book by calling the

           education department here.                                                     Q5

           Oh, I'm sorry, should I h~ve rung them instead of the main museum

           number?

           No, that's fine this time, please don't worry. But for future reference, I'll

           give you the direct number. It's two hundred-seven-six-five.

           Great, I've got that.

                                                                                              133
Tapescripts

MAN:          But I'm very happy to give you information about the next two

WOMAN:        workshops. On Saturday the 16th there's Building ~-                        Q6
MAN :
              Oh, sounds great!
W.OMAN :
MAN:          This involves quite a bit of glue, so just make sure the kids are in .cld Q7

WOMAN :       clothes.
MAN:
WOMAN :       I know, ones I don't mind getting mucky.
MAN :
              Exactly. And if possible, could you bring along bottle tops which the Q8
WOMAN:
MAN :         children might be able to use in the models, you know, as decoration?

WOMAN:        We'll certainly try to find some for you.

MAN:          Then the following week . ..
WOMAN:
MAN:          That'll be the 23rd, won't it?

              Yes, that's right. On that day, it's what we call Undersea Worlds. This is Q9

              where they make scenes with fishes, underground caverns and so on.

              Is that likely to get very dirty? Lots of paint splashes?

              Not really, ~owe don't recommend any special clothes for that one.

              But if you could search out some silver paper to bring along to use in QJO

              the sessions, you know, it's shiny- it looks like water, that'd be great.

              Yes, of course. We'll see what we can come up with. Well, thank you

              ever so much for all your help. The sessions sound really good and I'll

              certainly book up for the next two.

              Lovely. Thanks very much for ringing.

              Bye.

              Bye-bye.

SECTION 2

CUSTOMER :    Hello. Urn my family and I are staying here in Trebirch for a week or
RAILPERSON:   two and we wanted to know about the train services. We're hoping to
              do a few11ocal trips.
CUSTOMER:     OK. Well,' I can give you lots of details about all the trains going from
RAILPERSON:   Trebirch in the South West. This leaflet will be very helpful but I can tell
              you some of the main things. We've got two main train stations in the
CUSTOMER:     town. King Street is for local commuter lines and regional services. Qll
RAILPERSON :  What about trains to London? I'll need to go there on business for one day.
              Then you need to go to Central Station- that's for all the national Q12
134           services. There are regular trains to London. They leave Trebirch every
              half hour ~n weekdays and every hour at weekends. It takes about two QJ3
              hours, a bit longer on Sundays. You've got a choice of first and second
              class and there's a buffet car- though refreshments are included in the Q14
              cost of a first class ticket.
              Ah right. Urn, and have you got any information on different ticket types?
              Yes. There's a range of ticket prices depending on when you travel and
              when you buy your ticket. There's a standard open ticket which doesn't
              have any restrictions. This can be bought in advance or on the day. You
                                                                                           Test2

             can also get various discounted tickets. A popular one is called the
             Supersave and, er, this is OK for travel after 8.45. Then there is the
             Special ticket, which is valid for travel after .1Q..12. The Special tickets QJ5
             are also valid for travel at weekends. The cheapest tickets are called
             Advance and you have to buy them at least six days ahead. Only a certain QJ6
             number are available and you have to make seat reservations for these. Q17

CUSTOMER:    Thanks. And are there lots of places to go to around here?
RAILPERSON:
             Oh yes. You can enjoy many days out. Urn there's the Merthyr Mining QJ8/19/20
CUSTOMER:
             Museum, which is only half an hour from Trebirch by train. Your

             children will find it just as fascinating as any theme park and they can

             ride in the original miners' lifts and on the coal trains. There are special

             excursion tickets which include entrance fees. Mainline trains also offer

             direct services to Bristol, where you can visit the docks or spend a          QJ8/19/20

             great day out with the children in the m.Q, which is set in the parkland

             that used to surround the old castle. Er, special family awayday fares

             are available for this service now during the school holidays. Er,

             alternatively, you can be in Birmingham in only an hour and a half,

             where there's lots to see and do including the new and internationally-

             acclaimed climbing wall built on the site of the old aquarium. We will Q18/19120

             also be running a special service to Newport when the new science

             museum opens next year, as we anticipate a lot of visitors in the opening

             weeks. I'd advise you to call early to book your tickets. Is that OK?

             Yes, thanks.

SECTION 3

TUTOR:       Hello, Sandy. How have you been getting on with your dissertation?
SANDY:
             Fine, and I've been working hard on the various action points we agreed
TUTOR:
SANDY:       on our last tutorial.

TUTOR:       Do you want to talk me through what you've done?
SANDY:
             Yeah, sure. Well, we agreed on three main targets for me to aim for. The
TUTOR:
SANDY:       first one was to find out about suitable data analysis software.
TUTOR:
SANDY:       Yes.
TUTOR:
SANDY:       And what I decided to do was to look through catalogues specialising Q21
TUTOR:
SANDY:       in IT.

             That's a good idea. What did you come up with?

             I found the names of two promising ones.

             Right. ·

             But I also thought it'd be worthwhile talking to a lecturer.

             Oh right. Who did you see?

             Jane Prince. Do you know her? She's in the Computer Centre.                   Q22

             Yes, of course, she's the new Head.

             Yes. Well, she was very helpful.

                                                                                                135
Tapescripts  Oh, that's good. Did she suggest anything in particular?

TUTOR:       Yeah. She recommended software called Vivat and said I should book
SANDY:
TUTOR:       up for a couple of practice sessions using Vivat.
SANDY:
TUTOR:       Great. I'm sure you'll find them useful.
SANDY:
TUTOR:       And, of course, the second target was to draw up a survey checklist Q23

SANDY:       which I ...
TUTOR:
SANDY:       Yes, you emailed me it last week.
TUTOR:
SANDY:       Have you had a chance to look ...?

TUTOR:       Of course, urn I think it's good. Very much on the right lines. I'd say

SANDY:       your first two sections are spot on. I wouldn't suggest that you change
TUTOR:
TUTOR:       anything there, but in section three you really do need to have

SANDY:       questions on teaching experience.                                         Q24
TUTOR:
SANDY:       Yeah. I was thinking that section looked a bit short.
TUTOR:
             Right.
SANDY:
TUTOR:       And my third target was, do further reading on discipline.

SANDY :      Oh yes. I mentioned a couple of writers, didn't I?
TUTOR:
             Yes, well I got hold of the Banerjee and I thought that was excellent.
136
             But I'm afraid I didn't manage to get hold of the essays about

             classroom management - you know, the ones by Simon Ericsson. The Q25

             bookshop said it was out of print and the library doesn't have a copy.

             Oh right, and I'm afraid I've lent my copy to another student. What I

             suggest you do is try the library again - this time apply for it through

             the service called special loans. Have you done that before? You're

             entitled to six books a year.

             Yes. No problem. That's what I'll do.

             So, lots of useful work done.

             So, let's look at some new targets. We'll start by having a chat about

             your Chapter One. I very much enjoyed reading it. Your written style

             is very clear and you've included lots of interesting descriptions of

             education in your target are() I've just got a couple of suggestions for

             some additional work.

             Of course. Could I just ask- what do you think I should call it?

             Well, I'd go for something like Context Review. What do you think? Q26

             Well, short and to the point.

             Exactly. Now, as regards specific areas to work on, I'd be quite

             interested to have a few more statistics about the schools in the         Q27

             different zones.

             Oh, that wouldn't be a problem. I can get them from the Internet.

             Great, and although you did make a reference to quite a few different

             writers, I think you should aim to cite more works written later than

             ~.                                                                        Q28

             OK. That's more difficult, but I can try. When do you want that done by?

             Oh, it's not urgent. Urn I should aim for the end of term. But in the Q29

             meantime, I think you should also be thinking about Chapter Two.
                                                                            Test 2

SANDY:   Should I be drafting it already?
TUTOR:
SANDY :  No, but I think you should note down its main sections.
TUTOR:
SANDY:   Yes. You know, I always find that the hardest part.
TUTOR:
         I always find it helpful to put some ideas on index cards.
SANDY:
TUTOR:   Yeah .

SANDY:   Urn . .. and then you can sort them, and even lay them out on the

         floor. It's a real help.

         Well, I'll certainly try it! When would the deadline be for that?

         My advice would be to get it done before you embark upon the

         research. You can always change it later if you need to.           Q30

         OK. I'll get going on that then.

SECTION 4

Many believe that the story first began in America in 1877, when two friends were arguing
over whether a horse ever had all four feet or hooves off the ground when it galloped. To
settle the bet, a photographer was asked to photograph a horse galloping and the bet was
settled because you could see that all the hooves were off the ground in some of the photos. Q31
What was even more interesting was that if the photos were shown in quick succession the
horse looked like it was running - in other words 'moving pictures' .

The person who became interested in taking the moving pictures to its next step was the
famous American inventor Thomas Edison. Actually, he didn't do the work himself but
rather asked a young Scotsman in his employ to design a system, which he did. Now .this
young fellow was clever because the first thing he did was study other systems -primitive as
they were - of moving pictures and then put all the existing technologies together to make Q32
the first entire motion picture system. He designed a camera, a projection device and the film.
The system was first shown in New York in 1894 and was really very popular. Apparently
people lined up around the block to see the wonderful new invention. There were, however,
a couple of problems with the system. The camera weighed over 200 kilograms and only Q33
one person at a time could see the film .

Well now, news of the new system in America travelled fast and a number of rival European Q34
systems started to appear once people had heard about it. The single problem with all the
systems was they couldn't really project the film onto a screen - you know, so more than one
person could see it. Then in 1895. three systems were all developed. more or less at the same Q35
time and independently of each other. I guess the most famous of these was by the Lumiere
Brothers from France, and they called their system the cinematographe which of course is
where the word cinema comes from. There were also two brothers in Germany who
developed a successful system and they called it a bioskop.

Well now, once the problem of projection had been solved, the next challenge for the
inventors was to make the films longer and more interesting. A continuing problem at the
time was that the films had a tendency to break when they were being played - a problem Q36
which was caused by the tension between the two wheels. or 'reels' as they are called. which

                                                                                                          137
Tapescripts

hold the film . Now this problem was solved by two American brothers. They developed the

'Lantham Loop', which was the simple addition of a third reel between the two main reels,

and this took all the tension away with the result that the film stopped snapping.                 Q37

So now there was a real possibility of having films of more than two or three minutes, and

this led to the making of The Great Train Robbery- the very first movie made. It only              Q38

lasted 11 minutes but was an absolute sensation, and there were cases of people watching

the movie and actually fainting when the character fired a gun at the camera! Almost"

overnight movies became a craze, and by 1905 people in America were lining up to see

movies in 'store theatres', as they were called then.

I guess the next big step in terms of development of technology was to have people actually

talking on the film, and the first step towards this was in 1926 when sound effects were first Q39

used on a film . It wasn't until the following year however that the first 'talkie', as they were

called then, was made. This film featured actors speaking only during parts of the film and

was called The Jazz Singer, and it wasn't until 1928 that the first all-talking film was

produced, and this was called The Lights of New York. Unfortunately, the sound on this

early film was not very good and I believe they put subtitles on the film- that is, they

printed the dialogue along the bottom of the film to compensate for this poor sound                Q40

~· Now, with the addition of sound, moving pictures became far more difficult

to make ...

                                  TEST 3

SECTION 1

PIETER :     Good morning. I'd like to open a bank account, please.
WOMAN:
             Certainly. If you'd like to take a seat, I'll just get some details from you.
PIETER :
WOMAN:       It won't take long.
PIETER :
WOMAN :      Thanks.

PIETER:      Is it a current account or a deposit account you wanted?
WOMAN:
PIETER :     A current account.                                                                    Example
WOMAN:
PIETER :     Right. I've got the application form here then. We have different
WOMAN:
PIETER:      types- I see you've got our leaflet there.
WOMAN :
PIETER :     I've decided on the one called '~.'                                                   Ql
WOMAN:
PIETER :     Right, that's fine, so, first of all, can I have your full name please?

138          Yes, it's Pieter Henes. That's P-1-E-T-E-R.

             Is it H- E-double N-E-S?

             Uh, only one N actually. It's a less common spelling of the name.

             Oh, right. OK. And what's your date of birth please?

             The twenty-seventh of the first. nineteen seventy-three.                              Q2

             Right. And will this be a joint account?

             No, just myself.

             OK, fine. And where are you living, Mr Henes?

             15. Riverside.                                                                        Q3
                                                                                            Test 3

WOMAN:    Is that all one word?
PIETER:   Yes.
WOMAN:    Exeter?
PIETER :  Yes.
WOMAN :   How long have you been at your present address? Er, is it more than two
          years?
PIETER:   Ah, just two weeks actually. I only arrived in the country a month ago. Q4
          I'm from Holland.
WOMAN:    Oh, that's fine. But we normally ask for a previous address in that case.
PIETER:   Oh yes, well, it's Rielsdorf 2. That's R-I- E- L-S-D-0-R- F 2,
          Utrecht.
WOMAN:    Holland. OK. Thank you. Do you have a daytime telephone
          number?
PIETER:   Yes, I think the number at my office is six--oh-six-two-nine-five. Urn, Q5
          just a minute. I'd better check. Oh. no sorry. six--one-six. I'm not used
WOMAN:    to it yet. Would you like my home number too?
PIETER :  Yes please.
WOMAN :   It's seven- nine- six- four- three-one.
PIETER:   Are they both local numbers?
          Yes.
WOMAN:
PIETER :  Right. And your occupation?

WOMAN:    Well, I'm in Britain as a project manager, but that's not my main job.

PIETER :  I'm an engineer by profession.                                                Q6
WOMAN:
PIETER:   I see. I think I'll put that then. It's shorter! Now we usually ask for a
WOMAN:
PIETER:   piece of information which we can use to check your identity, for
WOMAN:
          security reasons. You know, if you phone us.
PIETER:
          Like, erm, my wife's first name?
WOMAN :
PIETER:   Mother's might be better. It's less likely to be known.                       Q7
WOM AN:
          OK. Hers is Siti.
PIETER:
WOMAN:    Siti?
PIETER :
WOMAN :   Yes, S- I- T- 1. It's Indonesian.

          Fine. And how much would you like to open your account with? We

          usually ask for a minimum sum of £50. That's about €75.

          Well, I'm going to transfer €2.000 from my Dutch account, just till I get Q8

          paid. In fact, I wanted to ask you about that. What's the best way to do it?

          It depends which bank you're with.

          It's the Fransen Bank in Utrecht.

          OK, fine. I'll check that in a minute. If we have links with them we can

          do a direct transfer. But it's not a big problem either way. Urn, let's see.

          How often would you like to receive statements?

          I haven't really thought. Urn, what's the usual thing?

          It's up to you. Some people like them weekly.

          Oh, no, that's too often. Can I have them sent, urn, once a month? Q9

          Yes, that's fine. Is there anything else?

                                                                                            139
Tapescripts

PIETER:      I was thinking of registering for your internet service at some stage. QIO
WOMAN:       Oh, yes. Would you like me to send you information about that?
PIETER:      Please, yes.
WOMAN:       And would you like to receive information about the bank's other
             services - insurance, loans, anything like that?
PIETER :     Hmm, I don't think so, thanks.
WOMAN :      That's OK then. And one last thing, if you agree . ..

SECTION 2

Welcome, everybody, to the lovely house and gardens of Rosewood, once the home of the

famous writer, Sebastian George. He bought the house in 1902 although he had first seen it

two years earlier. At that time the owners let it out to a tenant because George was too    Qll

slow making up his mind to buy it. When it came back on the_market, there was no

hesitation and he bought it immediately, for £9,300, even though the house had no

bathroom, no running water upstairs, and no electricity.

When he came here, he'd been married for ten years. During that time, he'd become one of
the most famou s writers m the English-speaking world. His professional success was
enormous, but his personal life wasn't as successful. He was no longer on speaking terms Q12
with his brother and had been devastated by the death at the age -of seven of his elder
dau&hter. Josephine.

 Moving to Rosewood allowed the family to start a new life. George regarded Rosewood QJ3
 as a pure example of a traditional country house of this part of England and did some of
 his most successful writing here. The house and its grounds became the family haven and
 their escape to privacy and quiet. The walls, and the mullioned windows were built of the
 local sandstone, the tiles on the roofs and the bricks of the chimney stack were baked
-from local clay, and the wooden structures inside came from oak trees which grow
 around here.

Now, please look at the map I've given you of the house and gardens. We're here at the
Information Centre. Follow the path marked with the arrow and the first area you come to
is the orchard on your left.

As you go further down the path, there's the kitchen garden on the right and as you go QJ4
round the first sharp corner you will find. to your left. an area where different types of pear
tree have been planted as well as some lovely flowers. and this is known as Pear Alley-
designed by George himself.

Next to this is the greenhouse where some exotic plants and fruits are grown. Follow the Ql5
path round the second corner and on your right you will see the entrance to the Mulberry

140
                                                                                                     Test3

Garden with its 500-year-old tree. Past the Mulberry Garden, follow the path until you
reach the front of the house. I suggest you spend a good hour wandering around this lovely
building. A guide takes visitor groups round every two hours.

If you would like to purchase any of George's books or other souvenirs, then leave the          Q16

house by the side entrance. where you will find our shop. which is situated between the

house and the garage which contains the magnificent old Rolls-Royce car which used to

belong to George. I expect by this time you may also be in need of a rest and some

refreshment. Most visitors are, so why don't you visit the tea room on the far side of the Q17

~?

If you have time, there is a lovely walk down towards the River Dudwell. For me, this is the

best part of the estate. This isn't on the map but it is all clearly signposted. You cross the

·ficld which spreads along the banks of the river. In spring, this area is well worth a visit. QJB

Spend a minute or two watching the water pass by underneath as you cross the footbridge, Q19

and then continue along the River Walk through the woodland. On a hot summer's day the

trees along this path provide welcome shade. Eventually you come to the water mill which

used to provide the electricity for the house- only about four hours every evening - in

George's time. And , finally, for those of you who would like to see stunning views of the

surrounding countryside and who are a little bit more energetic, when you return from

the mill take the first turning on your left and climb up to the viewpoint. You won't           Q20

regret it.

Enjoy your visit!

SECTION 3

JACK :             Lucy, we really need to get working on this marketing assignment. We've

LUCY:              only got five weeks left to the end of term to design it, carry it out, and

JACK:              then write up the results.

LUCY :             Sure. Well, let's get started right now. Let's go over the instructions.
JACK :
LUCY:              What exactly do we have to do?
JACK :
LUCY:              Well, it says here we have to look at one area of the entertainment          Q21

JACK:              industry. There's a list of the different types.
LUCY :
                   What are they?

                   Music, cinema, theatre, sport, and eating out.

                   Is that all?

                   Looks like it.

                   So we choose one branch of the industry and then we look at how two

                   different groups of people use it? Is·that right?

                   Yes.

                   And do we have to use any particular method to get our data? Can we

                   mail out a questionnaire, or do face-to-face interviews, or maybe even

                   observations?

                                                                                                     141
Tapescripts

JACK:        Well actually, it looks like we don't have a choice. We have to do

LUCY:        telephone interviews.                                                    Q22

JACK:        OK, so at least we don't have to waste time deciding between the

LUCY :       different methods.
JACK:
             Yeah, that's right. Oh, and the other requirement is the number of
LUCY:
JACK:        interviewees.

LUCY:        · Not too many, I hope. Ten? Twenty?
JACK:
LUCY :       Well, we have to do two groups, remember, and it looks like we have to

JACK :       interview fifteen for each group.

LUCY:        That's thirty altogether then. It's going to take ages.                  Q23
JACK:
LUCY :       Yes, but remember we're working on this together, so we'll only have to
JACK:
             do fifteen each.

             OK, so those are all the requirements?

             Yes, looks like it.

             So, first, which area are we going to choose? My preference would be

             cinema, since that's where I spend most of my money.

             Hmm, I don't think that's such a good idea. I don't think there are

             huge differences ip the market there. I mean you get young and

             old, male and female, rich and poor all going to the same

             movtes.

             Yeah, maybe you're right. Let's make it music then.

             Right. So, what two groups will we compare and contrast?

             Male and female?                                                         Q24

             No. Most of my female friends like the same music as me. Different

             age groups would be much more likely to show up differences,

             I think.

LUCY:        Yeah, I suppose you're right again. I'll take some notes, shall I?

JACK:        So.. . Age Groups. Well. What do you think? Maybe twenty-five or
LUCY :
             under for one group, and forty-five or over for the other group? That
iACK:
LUCY :       should show up differences.
JACK:
LUCY :       Right.

JACK:        OK. Next. How about the kind of music they like -let's give them some
LUCY:
JACK:        choices and then we can just tick boxes.

             OK. Let's have pop, jazz, folk, easy listening ... What else?            Q25

             Well, we should include classical. Some people like it, you know.        Q26

             OK. OK. And then we should have how they listen to music.

             The medium. Right. Let's include radio, CD- and then I guess there's

             TV.

             What about concerts? You know, in pubs and halls.                        Q27

             Oh yeah, we should include live music of course.

             OK, we're on a roll now! Next point could be about where they actually

             get their music.

142
                                                                                               Test 3

LUC Y:      You mean like, do they buy it in music shops, or department                        Q28

JAC K :     ~?
LUCY :
            Yes, or download it from the Internet.
JACK:
LU C Y:     Right. That could be for recorded music. Then we need another section
JA C K :
LU C Y:     for live music. Where do they go for that?
JA C K :
            OK. Let's say disco, pub, llil.Q, concert hall . . .                               Q29

            Or opera house! And I guess we should include karaoke bars.                        Q30

            Not many of them in this city!

            OK. We'll leave that out then. So, what's left to do?

            That's it. Well, now we can make a time-scale for doing it.

SECTION 4

Good morning everyone. Last week we were looking at the hunter-gatherers in Ireland,
across the Irish Sea from England. Today, we're going to move on to the period between four
and six thousand years ago, known as the Neolithic period, which is when a total farming
economy was introduced in Ireland .

Now, there are several hypotheses about the origins of the first Neolithic settlers in Ireland, Q31
but most of these contain problems. For instance, there are considerable archaeological
difficulties about the theory that they came from England. The evidence doesn't really add
up. But there are even greater practical problems about the theory that they came directly
from continental Europe. For one thing, it's not clear just how sufficient numbers of men
and women could have been transported to Ireland to establish a viable population. As you
know, the hunter-gatherer economy which existed beforehand was based on small scattered
groups. The farming economy would almost certainly have required much larger
communities to do all the work needed to plant and tend sufficient crops to sustain them
through the year.

The early farmers kept various animals, including cattle and sheep. There's also evidence of

pigs, but it is possible that these could have been descended from the native wild species.

Now, we know from modern farming that if the level of breeding stock falls below about

three hundred females, the future of the species locally is at risk. So we must assume that

from the beginnings of Neolithic farming the number of breeding sheep would have               Q32

considerably exceeded three hundred. and the national cattle herd must have been of a

similar size. The question is how these were brought to the area and where they

came from.

It's usually suggested that the Neolithic settlers used skin-covered boats to transport        Q33

livestock. But this method would have severely restricted the range of the colonising fleets.

The sheer volume of animal transport necessary means it's unlikely that this livestock

could have been brought from anywhere further than England.

                                                                                                     143
Tapescripts

What about crops? Well, two main cereal crops were introduced to Ireland during this time:
wheat and barley, both in several varieties. The main evidence for their presence consists of Q34
impressions on pottery. where a cereal grain accidentally became embedded in the surface
of a pot before it was fired. The grain itself was destroyed by the firing, but it
left an impression on the pot which could be studied and identified by
botanists.

Let's turn our attention now to the farming technology available at that time. Before the

cereal crops could be planted, it would have been necessary to clear the forest and to break

the ground by ploughing. The stone blade of a plough has been discovered during

excavation in County Mayo in western Ireland . The body of the plough would have been

of wood and could have been drawn by people, but it's also likely that cattle                      Q35

were used.

Now, the cultivation of crops and the husbandry of livestock brought about changes in
people's lifestyle such as the type of shelters they made. For one thing, instead of moving from
place to place they needed permanent dwellings. The stone axes used to chop down trees to
make these dwellings were far superior to any that the Stone Age hunter-gatherers
used.

To make the axes, sources of suitable stone had to be found and systematically exploited.

These so-called 'axe factories' were really quarries rather than factories, as the manufacture of

the axes wasn't regularly performed on the quarry site. However, after the axe had been .

chipi)ed into shape, they needed water and sand for grinding and polishing, so a high              Q36

mountainside wouldn't have been an appropriate place for this. So this final stage of the

manufacture must have been carried out close to water and sure enough, there's ample

evidence of this at coastal sites.

Now it's clear that these Neolithic axes were transported all over Ireland, as well as to
Scotland and the south of England. It's not really surprising that axes from 'axe factories' Q37
in England have also been found in Ireland. At the very least, this indicates that there was
a link between the two islands during that period.

One of the most useful innovations of the colonisers was pottery making, which was quite

unknown to Irish hunter-gatherers. The pottery was probably made by shaping clay into a

ball with the hand, and then hollowing it until the walls were the right thickness. After

firing, the outside was often polished. This would have helped the pots to retain water, as Q38

they weren't glazed. Now we know that the clay used usually came from lQQll sources,               Q39

which suggests that manufacture was on a fairly small scale, even though thousands of

fragments are usually found at Neolithic sites.

In the course of time decoration began to appear. At first this looked like a series of stitches
and was just around the~ of the pots. This could have been an imitation of earlier vessels Q40
which were made of leather sewn onto wood. Then eventually pots with decoration all
over ...

144
                                                                                             Test 4

                                   TEST 4 .

SECTION 1

 CLERK :   Conference Centre Reservations. Good morning.
 WOMAN :
 CLERK:    Hi. I'm interested in the computing conference next month.
 WOMAN:
 CLERK:    Future Directions in Computing?                                               Example
WOMAN:
           Yes, that's right. Could I ask you a few questions about it?
CLERK :
           Of course.
WOMAN:
CLERK:     OK. I know the conference is for three days but actually I want to
WOMAN :
CLERK :    attend on the Friday and Saturday only. Will that work out to be any
WOMAN :
           cheaper?
CLERK:
           Let me have a look. Well, you could register for the two days separately,
WOMAN:
CLERK:     but tbat wouldn't actually save you very much as it still costs £35 for
WOMAN:
CLERK:     each day. In fact, if you could register for the three days, you also get
WOMAN:
           an invitation to a free dinner on the Saturday night, so that's probably

           the better option.

           Right, I'll do that. How much will the fees be in that case?

           It's £75.                                                                     Ql

           All right. I'd like to register for the full three days. Now, can I pay that

           by credit card?

           I'm afraid not. You'll have to send a cheque to us, or you can pay at Q2

           the conference office.

           Fine. So it's probably easiest if I pay by cheque. Now then, what else

           do I need to arrange? Right. How about accommodation? I guess

           that's not included in the price?

           No, I'm sorry, it's not, but we do have a few rooms available for

           delegates at the conference centre if you'd like. Those are very cheap but

           if you're interested you'll need to book soon, because there's always a

           heavy demand for them. They are only i l l per night, but they are very Q3

           basic and you'd have to get your own breakfast, because they don't

           provide you with that. But it's very convenient, because it's in the same

           building as the conference rooms.

           Uhuh.

           Or there's a very reasonable guest house which is £25 per night. And I Q4

           think that includes your breakfast.

           Is it close to the conference centre?

           It would be about a ten-minute walk away from here.                           Q5

           I see. That sounds quite reasonable.

CLERK:     The details are all in our conference pack, which I'll send you.              Q6
WOMAN:
           Great, thanks. That'll be very useful. Oh, and can you also send me an
CLERK:
           application form?

           Of course. I'll get that in the post to you straight away. Is there

           anything else?

                                                                                             145
Tapescripts

WOMAN:       Yes, actually. Can you tell me where exactly the conference centre is?
CLERK :
             Well, it's on South Park Road and it's right at the end of the road     Q7
WOMAN:
             next to the library. It's a ten-minute taxi ride from the station and will QB

             cost you £1_. Otherwise, you can take the bus which runs every half an Q9

             hour from the station - that's the 21A - and it brings you straight     QJO

             to the conference centre.

             Right, got that.

SECTION 2

Good morning and welcome, everybody. I'm Jenny Stewart and I'm the Staff Manager here
at the exhibition centre. We're expecting this year's International Travel Exhibition to attract
over 10,000 visitors a day, ladies and gentlemen, and you are among the two hundred extra
staff recruited to help look after them. Now, to help things run smoothly, we have divided
you into four teams - the blue team, the green team, the red team, and the yellow team. So
first I'll explain how the teams are divided up, and then we'll be giving you colour-coded
T-shirts so we can identify you more easily. First of all, those who will be looking after the
phones and handling all calls regarding the exhibition, you will be on the red team. Now,
we've also put the entrance staff on the red team and you'll be stamping the entrance tickets Qll
and giving out publicity leaflets, OK?

Those of you involved in distributing entrance tickets will be on the yellow team and we've
also put those of you who'll be staffing the information booths around the conference
centre on the yellow team, so you'll be getting a yellow T-shirt. Now, most of the hospitality
staff have been put in the blue team, so the chefs among you and the kitchen hands will QJ2
all need a blue T-shirt, but, because of the sheer numbers, all waiting staff will be on the
yellow team, and this includes the bar staff among you. Those who will be monitoring and Q13
directing the traffic in the car parks are on the green team, so you'll need to get a green
T-shirt. This year we've also employed a considerable number of attendants to direct the
human traffic around the conference centre. Now, you'll be working in the exhibition hall
at all times, giving directions and generally helping people whenever you can, and you will
be in the red team, so please collect a red T-shirt.

Right, now that everyone knows what team they're in, we'll get on with the orientation and
training programme and first I'll run through the rest of today's programme, which you
should have in front of you, so that you can get a general idea of what else is in store today.
This introduction finishes at 9.30 and then you 'll be hearing from Anne Smith. Anne works
in the accounts department on level two and she looks after all temporary staff, and so
she is the person to see if you have any problems regarding pay. Anne will be explaining

when and how you get this. She will also be handing out your .t..ax forms. And I will just QJ4

stress that all tax forms must be completed and returned to Anne before your pay can be
processed. Following Anne's talk you'll hear from Peter Chen, our Conference Manager,
and he will be going over a plan of the conference centre with you, which will help you to

146
                                                                                                Tesr4

orient yourselves. He will also go through the security arrangements with you and show QJ5

you the fire exits. Then at 10.30, there will be a coffee break in the staff canteen, which is

located down on the ground floor. Now, after the break we'll be moving to a different           Ql6

location for a video.presentation, so instead of coming back here, we'd like you all to go

to Lecture Room three- one-one. You'll find it on this same level, just down the hall, and QJ 7

there you will be shown a video about important safety issues in the workplace, called

Safety at Work . We 'll fin ish off the morning with lunch, which should give everyone a        QJB

chance to meet and get to know each other, and we'll be serving you a buffet lunch in

the Main Hall, which is on the first floor, from 12.00 o'clock. After lunch you'll be           Ql9

divided up into your teams to meet your team leaders and we're hoping to be all                 Q20

finished by 3.00 so I won't delay you any longer, and I'll hand over to ...

SECTION 3

LIBRARIAN :  Good afternoon. Can I help you?
STUDENT:
LIBRARIA N:  Good afternoon. Yes, I've just transferred to the School of Education,

STUDENT:     and I'd like information about joining the library.
LIBRARIAN:
             Well, the School of Education has libraries on two sites, as I'm sure
STUDENT:
LIBRARIAN:   you know. This one here is the Fordham Site, and the other is on

STUDENT:     Castle Road.
LIBRARIAN :
             And is there any difference between the two libraries?
STUDENT:
LIBRARIAN:   Not in terms of their facilities. Access to online databases and the

STUDENT:     Internet is available at both sites and each site has a range of reference Q21

LIBRARIAN:   materials on education.

             Oh yes. I see.

             But the Castle Road site has books on the sociology of. education and

             a collection of textbooks and teaching resources covering most of Q22

             the subjects taught in secondary schools.                                          Q23

             Ah, right, but I'm training to be a primary teacher so I need to look

             at materials for the five to eleven age group.

             Then you've come to the right place. At Fordham we hold material

             relating to primary education, as well as special needs, but of                    Q24

             course you'll need to familiarise yourself with both sites to make the

             most of our resources.

             You haven't mentioned periodicals. Are they held at both

             sites?

             Current issues, yes but if you want to look at back issues you'll                  Q25

             need to use the CD-ROM databases which are held here at

             Ford ham .

             I see. Now, about borrowing books. I'm living out of town, so I'm

             hoping I can borrow quite a few items, and cut down on the number of

             trips I have to make. .

             Right, well, members can borrow two books at a time from

             each site.

                                                                                                     147
Tapescripts

STUDENT:     Only two books?

LIBRARIAN:   Only two from each site, but that's four altogether.

STUDENT:     Oh I see, and now long can I hang on to them for?

LIBRARIAN:   The borrowing period is one month, but of course books can be

             renewed. You can renew any item a maximum of three

             times.

STUDENT:     Do I have to come to the library to do that?

LIBRARIAN:   No, you can do it by telephone or email, but you can't renew

             overdue books this way, only before or on the due date stamped           Q26

             in the book. We'll need your full name, your borrower number and

             the name of the site library you borrowed the items from .

STUDENT:     So theoretically I can borrow books for up to three months- is that

             what you're saying?

LIBRARIAN:   Yes, provided they're not recalled.

STUDENT :    So, what happens then?                        •·

LIBRARIAN:   Well, sometimes an item is requested by another borrower, in which

             case we'd send you a letter, and you'd have to return the book

             within seven working days. Don't forget we're closed o~                  Q27

             Sundays.

STUDENT:     OK.
-------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------~....---------- -- ------ ----- --- --- --- --- -- -------

STUDENT:     I expect it'll take me a while to find what I need. There's such a lot   Q28/29/30
LIBRARIAN:   here.                                                                    Q28/29/30
STUDENT:     Yes there is, but if you need help getting started, this term we're      Q28/29/30
LIBRARIAN:   running three study skills workshops.
             Oh? What are they on?
STUDENT:     Er, let me see. The first one's on resources- yes, here it is.
LIBRARIAN :  How to use the library's resources. That includes everything. not ·
             just the print and technical resources.
STUD~T :     That sounds useful. Is there anything on using the
             Internet?
LIBRARIAN:   Er, let's see. The one on the Internet for beginners was last term.This
STUDENT:     ·term it's finding research materials online.
LIBRARIAN :  That sounds interesting too, hm, what's the last one?
             It's a workshop on dissertations.
STUDENT:     What do you mean - how to write one?
LIBRARIAN:   ErJlQ it's more to do with academic writing conventions, you know-
             writing a bibliography and how to refer to sources in your text.
             That sort of thing. Anyway, here's a leaflet with information
             about all three.
             Thanks a lot. That'll be very useful.
             You're welcome.

148
                                                                                                Test 4

SECTION 4

Well, most people think that lions only come from Africa. And you would be forgiven for
thinking this, because in fact most lions do come from Africa. But this hasn't always been
the case. If we go back ten thousand years we would find that there were lions roaming
vast sections of the globe. But now, unfortunately, only very small sections of the lions'
former habitat remain.

My particular interest is Asiatic lions, which are a sub-species of African lions. It 's almost Q31

a hundred thousand years since the Asiatic lions split off and developed as a sub-species.

At one time the Asiatic lion was living as far west as Greece and they were found from there,

in a band that spread east through various countries of the Middle East, all the way to

India. In museums, you can now see Greek coins that have clear images of the Asiatic           Q32

lion on them. Most of them are dated at around 500 B.C. However, Europe saw its last Q33

Asiatic lion roaming free two thousand years ago. Over the next nineteen hundred years

the numbers of Asiatic lions in the other areas declined steadily, but it was only in

the nineteenth century that they disappeared from everywhere but India.

So, how can you tell an Asiatic lion from an African lion, with which you're probably more

familiar? Well, in general, Asiatic lions are not as big as African lions. The colour is more

or less the same, but the appearance of the mane is different- that's the hair around the

lion's face and neck. The Asiatic lion's mane is noticeably shorter than the African lion's.

Asiatic lions also have a long fold of skin on their undersides. whereas not many              Q34

African lions have this.

Well, I'd like to talk to you now about the Gir Sanctuary in India. That's where I've just

come back from. The sanctuary was established specifically to protect the Asiatic lion.

It 's 1.450 square kilometres in area and most of it is forest. There are now around           Q35

three hundred Asiatic lions in India and almost all of them are in this

sanctuary.

But despite living in a sanctuary, which makes them safe from hunters, they still face a
number of problems that threaten their survival. One of these is the ever-present danger
of disease. This is what killed more than a third of Africa's Serengeti lions in 1994, and Q36
people are fearful that something similar could happen in the Gir Sanctuary and kill off
many of the Asiatic lions there.

India's lions are particularly vulnerable because they have a limited gene pool. The reason
for this is interesting- it's because all of them are descended from a few dozen lions that
were saved by a prince who took a particular interest in them. He was very wealthy, ~nd Q37
he managed to protect them - otherwise they'd probably have died out completely.

When you see the Asiatic lion in India, what you sense is enormous vitality. They're very
impressive beasts and you would never guess that they had this vulnerability when you
look at them.

                                                                                                     149
Tapescripts

The Asiatic lions don't have the Gir Sanctuary to themselves, I should add. They actually

share it with about two thousand farmers. A significant proportion of the lions' diet is    Q38

made up of the livestock of these farmers -goats, chickens and so on - as much as a third,

in fact. And they've even been known to attack humans, especially in times of drought. Q39

One final piece of interesting information - in ancient India one of the greatest tests of
leadership for a man was to fight a lion. Now it seems, in modern India it will be a great Q40
test to see if the lion can be saved. I'm sure this is something that all of you will share
concern for too.

150
Answer key

                                 TEST 1

LISTENING

Section 1, Questions 1-10        Section 3, Questions 21-30

  I (a) keep-fit (studio)        21 A
  2 swimming                     22 in advance
 3 yoga (classes)                23 nursery
  4 (a) salad bar                24 annual fee
 5 500                           25 tutor
 6I                              26&27 IN EITHER ORDER

 7 10 (am), 4.30 (pm)                    lap tops
                                         printers
 8 180                           28 report writing
 9 assessment                    29 marketing
10 Kynchley                      30 Individual

Section 2, Questions 11-20       Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 B                             31 feed
                                 32 IN EITHER ORDER
12 G
                                         metal
13 c                                    leather
                                 33 restrictions
14 A                             34 ships
15 E                             35 England
                                 36 built
16 D                             37 poverty
                                 38-40 IN ANY ORDER
17 (October (the)) 19th
18 7                                 c
19 Monday, Thursday
20 18                                   E
                                        F
If you score ...
                                 13- 26                           27-40
0-12
                                 you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
 you are unlikely to get         score under examination          acceptable score under
 an acceptable score under       conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 examination conditions and we   that you think about having      remember that different
 recommend that you spend a      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 lot of time improving your      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                  151
Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13       21 TRUE
                                        22 NOTGIVEN
 IB                                     23 G
                                        24 B
 2c
                                        25 c
 3B
 4F                                     26 A
 5D
 6A                                     Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40

 7E                                     27
                                        28 vi
 8A                                     29 111
 9B                                     30 V11
10 A
                                        31 iv
11 c                                    32 11

12 (a) competition model                33 farming
13 (by) 2 per cent/%                    34&35 IN EITHER ORDER

Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26              sea mammals
                                                fish
14 I                                    36 Thule
15 F                                    37 islands
16 E                                    38 nomadic
17 D                                    39 nature
18 TRUE                                 40 Imported
19 FALSE
20 NOTGIVEN

If you score ...

0-12                            13- 30                           31-40

yo u are unlikely to get an     you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
acceptable.score under          score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

152
                                                                  Answer key

                                 TEST 2

LISTENING

Section 1, Questions 1-10        Section 3, Questions 21-30

 I8                              21 catalog(ue)s
                                 22 computer centre/center
 2 (in/on) Tamer                 23 checklist
 3 green button                  24 teaching experience
 4 library                       25 classroom
 5 education department          26 review
 6 castles                       27 schools
 7 old clothes                   28 ((the) year) 2000
 8 bottle tops                   29 end of term
 9 Undersea Worlds               30 research
10 silver paper

Section 2, Questions 11-20       Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 King Street                   31 A
12 central                       32 B
13 half hour/30 minutes
14 refreshments                  33 c
15 10.15
16 Advance                       34 A
17 (seat) reservations           35 A
18-20 IN ANY ORDER
                                 36 c
     c
                                 37 A
       D                         38 Great Train Robbery
       G                         39 Sound effects
                                 40 poor sound quality

If you score ...                 14-28                            29-40

0-13                             you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are unlikely to get         conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 an acceptable score under       that you think about having      remember that different
 examination conditions and we   more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                  153
Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13   20 K
                                    21 G
 1 11                               22 A
 2 vii                              23 G
 3 IV                               24 E
 4 I.                               25 H
 5 iii
 6 FALSE                            26 c
 7 TRUE
 8 NOT GIVEN                        Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
 9 FALSE
10 TRUE                             27 B
ll F                                28 E
12 D                                29 A

13 c                                30 c

Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26  31 G
                                    32 TRUE
14 B                                33 FALSE
15 I                                34 TRUE
16 F                                35 FALSE
17 M                                36 NOTGIVEN
18 J                                37 TRUE
19 N                                38 FALSE
                                    39 TRUE
If you score •..                    40 NOTGIVEN

0-12                            13-29                            30--40

you are unlikely to get an      you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
acceptable score under          score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

154
                                                                 Answer key

                                TEST 3

LISTENING

Section 1, Questions 1-10       Section 3, Questions 21-30

 1 Select                       21 entertainment industry
 2 27.01.1973                   22 telephone interviews
 3 15 Riverside                 23 30/thirty
 4 2 weeks                      24 male and female
 5 616295                       25 Jazz
 6 engineer                     26 classical
 7 mother                       27 concerts
 8 2,000                        28 department stores
 9 month                        29 club
10 intemet                      30 opera house

Section 2, Questions 11-20      Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 c                            31 c

12 A                            32 A

13 c                            33 A

14 H                            34 B
15 F                            35 people
16 B                            36 IN EITHER ORDER
17 D
18 field                               water
19 footbridge                          sand
20 viewpoint                    37 Scotland
                                38 outside
                                39 local
                                40 tops

If you score ...

0-12                            13- 27                           28-40

you are unlikely to get         you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
an acceptable score under       score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination- conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time impr~ving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

                                                                 155
Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13   20 NOTGIVEN
                                    21 NO
 1A                                 22 YES
 2I                                 23 NOTGIVEN
 3J                                 24 YES
 4E                                 25 B
 5G
 6 YES                              26 c
 7 NOTGIVEN
 8 NOTGIVEN                         27 A
 9 NO
                                    Reading Passage 3, Questions 28-40
10 B
                                    28 NO
11 c                                29 YES
                                    30 YES
12 D                                31 NOT GIVEN
13 D                                32 YES
                                    33 A
Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-27  34 B

14 vii                              35 c
15 lll
16 ii                               36 A
17 IV                               37 B
18 i                                38 glucose
19 NO                               39 free radicals
                                    40 preservation

If you score ...

0- 11                           12- 28                           29-40

you are unlikely to get an      you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
acceptable score under          score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

156
                                                                  Answer key

                                 TEST 4

LISTENING

Section 1, Questions 1-10        Section 3, Questions 21-30

  I 75                           21 reference
  2 cheque/check                 22 textbooks
 3 15                            23 secondary
 4 25                            24 pnmary
 5 I0 minute(s')/min(s')         25 back
 6 conference pack               26 overdue books/ones
 7 South                         27 7 working days
                                 28-30 IN ANY ORDER
  8 library
                                     c
 95
                                         E
10 21A                                  F

Section 2, Questions 11-20       Section 4, Questions 31-40

11 D                             31 B
12 A                             32 A
                                 33 B
13 c
                                 34 c
14 tax
15 security                      35 I ,450
16 ground floor                  36 disease
17 lecture room 311              37 (wealthy) prince
18 Safety at Work                38 diet
19 Main Hall                     39 attack humans
20 team leaders                  40 leadership

If you score ...                 13- 27                           28-40

0- 12                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                 score under examination          acceptable score under
 you are unlikely to get         conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
an acceptable score under        that you think about having      remember that different
examination conditions and we    more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a      you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
lot of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                  157
Answer key

ACADEMIC READING

Reading Passage 1, Questions 1-13      21 YES
                                       22 YES
 1V                                    23 NO
 2 VI                                  24 NOTGIVEN
 3 lll                                 25&26 IN EITHER ORDER
 4 IX
 5                                          c
 6 vu
 7X                                           E
 8 NO
 9 YES                                 Reading Passage 3, Questions 27-40
10 NO
11 YES                                 27 IV
12 NOT GIVEN                           28 vi
13 YES                                 29 V
                                       30 vu
Reading Passage 2, Questions 14-26
                                       31 B
14 B                                   32 D
15 F
                                       33 D
16 c                                   34 A
                                       35 policy
17 1                                   36 (explicit) guidelines
18 F                                   37 (school) curriculum
19 NOTGIVEN                            38 victims
20 NO                                  39 playful fighting
                                       40 D

If you score ...

0-12                            13-29                            30--40

you are unlikely to get an      you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
acceptable score under          score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

158
                                                                   Answer key

         GENERAL TRAINING TEST A

READING

Section 1, Questions 1-14         20 F
                                  21 G
 IB
 2F                               22 c
 3D
                                  23 B
 4A                               24 A
 5 FALSE                          25 A
 6 NOTGIVEN                       26 B
 7 NOTGIVEN                       27 B
 8 TRUE
 9 TRUE                           Sectio11 3, Questio11s 28-40

10 c                              28 IX
                                  29 VI
11 B                              30 IV
                                  31 11
12 F                              32 Vll
13 I                              33 Vlll
                                  34 iii
14 H                              35 prosperous
                                  36 population
Section 2, Questions 15-27        37 (modern) techn ology
                                  38 leaks
IS B                              39 management
16 G                              40 water defi cit
17 F
18 E
19 A

If you score ...                  18- 29                           30--40

 0- 17                            you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
                                  score under exa mina tion        acceptable score under
 you are unlikely to get an       conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
 acceptable score under           that you think about having      remember that different
 examina tion conditions a nd we  more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
 recommend that you spend a       you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.
 lo t of time improving your
 English before you take IELTS.

                                                                   159
Answer key

                  GENERAL TRAINING TEST B

READING

Section 1, Questions 1-14          17 V
                                   18 IX
 I IN EITHER ORDER; BOTH REQUIRED  19 Vlll
       FOR ONE MARK                20 11
       Saturday (and)              21 vii
       Tuesday                     22 K

 2 IN EITHER ORDER; BOTH REQUIRED  23 c
       FOR ONE MARK
       Saturday (and)              24 I
       Thursday                    25 H
                                   26 G
 3B                                27 L
 4H
 5G                                Section 3, Questions 28-40
 6A
 7I                                28 J
 8J                                29 D
 9 TRUE                            30 F
tO NOTGIVEN
It TRUE                            31 K
t2 TRUE                            32 A
13 FALSE
14 FALSE                           33 E
                                   34 G
Section 2, Questions 15-27
                                   35 c
IS XI
                                   36 A
)6 IV                              37 B
                                   38 D
                                   39 (over) a thousand
                                   40 11 metres/meters

If you score ...

0---16                          17-28                            29-40

you are unlikely to get an      you may get an acceptable        you are likely to get an
acceptable score under          score under examination          acceptable score under
examination conditions and we   conditions but we recommend      examination conditions but
recommend that you spend a      that you think about having      remember that different
lot of time improving your      more practice or lessons before  institutions will find different
English before you take IELTS.  you take IELTS.                  scores acceptable.

I nO
Model and sample answers for
Writing tasks

TEST 1, WRITING TASK 1

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

   The graph shows how the amount of water used worldwide changed between '
   1900 and 2000.
  lnroughout the century, the largest quantity·of water was used for agricultural
   purpose~ , and this increased dramatically from about 500 km3 to around
  3,000 km3 in the year 2000.Water used in the industrial and domestic sectors
  also increased, but consumption was minimal until mi.d-ce.ntury.From 19~0 "
  onwards, industrial use grew steadily to just ove[ 1,000 km3, while domestic
  use rose more slowly to only 300 km3, both far below the l~vels of consumption
  by agriculture.

  \fhe table illustrates the differences in agricultural consump~ion in some areas

  of the world by contrasting the amount of irrigated land in Brazil(26,500 km2}
  wittl th tin the D.R.C. (100 km2).This means that a huge amount of water is .,
l useq in. agriculture in Brazil,and this is .reflected in the figures for water
  COI:)SUmption per person:359 m3 compared with onI}' 8 m3 fn the Congo.With a.
 ·popul:ation of 176 million, the figures for BraziLindicate how hi~h agricultural
  water consumption can be in some countries. ·

                                                                                                                 161
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 1, WRITING TASK 2.

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 7.5 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

The way in which the candidate has responded to the task is a strong point of this script. lt is a
well-developed answer that addresses the issues relevantly and at length. The writer introduces
the topic, examines both sides of the argument and expresses a clear position. Points are well-
argued and supported with examples.

   The answer is well-organised and the message is easy to follow with clear paragraphing and
linking of ideas. There are too many errors in cohesion, however, and some linkers are not
always fully appropriate, so this limits the rating for this criterion.

   A wide range of vocabulary is used accurately and precisely, in spite of one or two awkward ·
expressions and some rare errors. Similarly, a sophisticated range of structures is used but
there are too many minor errors and omissions (such as in the use of prepositions and basic
subject/verb agreement) to reach Band 8. Nevertheless these mistakes do not reduce the
clarity of the answer and overall a wide range of language is used with a high level of
proficiency.

No~~!js, tl-lev-e ~v-e (ots of o.cl.vev-"t,serM.nts on tetev·,s·,on oV" on ti-le stv-eets. So!VIe peop(e

~~nK ~~t ti-le ~cl.vev-t,$,n.3 boosts ti-le ~(es of .3oocl.s ~ne~. ,t encouv-oees peop(e to bv.~j

~'n.3s L.t.nnece~v-,(~j. Tl-l1s ~V"_3u.rM.nts 1"\~lj be tv-u.e. In 1"\lj countl'"lj, 1"\~nlj o.cl.vev-t,s·,n-3

col"\p~n,es pv-ocl.u.ce o.cl.vev-t,serM.nts w·,~ f~l"\ous ~ncl. popu.bv- ~ctov-s ov- s'tn.3ev-s. l'eop(e,

espec·,~((lj ljoun.3stev-s, bv.~j .30ocl.s ~~t -tY,e·,v- f~vouv-"tte s·,n.3ev- o.cl.vev-"t,se, ~(~.31-1 tl-le~j cl.o not

v-e~((~j neecl. ti-le pv-ocl.u.ds.

A(so, on ti-le tetev·,s·,on scv-een, ~ pv-ocl.u.ct IVI~Ij (ooK _30Y"_3eous ~ne~. 3oocl. '}'v.~(,t~j. As ~

v-esu.(t of ·,t, peop(e often bv.~j .3oocl.s w·,~t enou..3l-l consdev-~t10n. C.onsu.l"\ev-s 1"\~lj not

~ctu.~((~j neecl. ·,t bv.t tl-le~j bv.~j .3oocl.s I!VIpu.(s,ve(~j soon ~ftev- tl-le~j ~tel-l ti-le ~cl.vev-t,s·,n-3 .

Fu.v-tl-lei'"IVIOv-e, ~s !VI~nlj cu.sto!VIev-s bv.~j ~ p~v-t,cu.bv- pv-ocl.u.ct cl.u.e to ·,ts ~cl.vev-t,s·,n-3 c~l"\p~·~n,

ti-le otl-lev- people 1"\~lj be ~ffedecl. blj ti-le tv-encl., even ·,f ti-le pv-ocl.u.d ·,s not of ti-le v-e~(

neecl.s of ti-le soc"tetlj.

On fi-le oiV-eV" l-l~nci., tl-lev-e ~y-e V~V"-IOl).S ~spects oe~\nst fl-le.se ~V"_3U.rM.nts. r"\ov-eovev-, "tt .IS

peop(e 1s cl-lo',ce to !VI~Ke ~ cl.ec·,s·,on to Dulj .3oocl.s. Acl.vev-t,s·,n-3 1"\~lj be not ~ c~u.se of

cu.sto!VIev-s I bv.~j'ln_3 ~-~~b·,ts. Incl.·,v·,J.u.~(s ~-~~ve tl-le_·,v- own spencl.·,n-3 ~-~~t,·,ts. I f tl-le~j ~-~~ve _30t

enou.3l-l J.·,spos~b(e \ncorM. , tl-len ti-le v-·~~o~t to 1"\~Ke ~ cl.ec·,siOn ·,s .3·,ven to tl-le.IVI. No one

~ctu.~((~j c~n ju.cl..3e wl-le.tl-lev- ti-le .3oocl.s so(cl. ~v-e ti-le v-e~( neecl.s of ti-le soc"tetlj ov- not.

In ~ci.J.·,t,on, ~s tl-lev-e sMu.(cl. be ~ ("t!VI·,tecl. ~!VIount of J.·,spo~b(e ,nco!VIe consu.!VIev-s ~v-e

~b(e t o spencl., peop(e tv-lj to C\(bc~te tl-le_·,v- bv.cl..3ets. Tl-le.!j c~nnot be SI!VIp(~j s~~jecl. b~j

~ose ~cl.vev-t,sel"\ents.                   ·

In condu.s·,on, ~s cu.stol"\ev-s l-l~ve tl-le_·;v- own stv-on-3 op·,n·,ons ~ncl. st~ncl.~v-cl. of .3oocl. '}'v.~(,t~j

.3oocl.s, ·,t ·,s bettev- to (e~ve ti-le"" to 1"\~Ke tl-le_·,v- own cl.ec·,s,on ·,n bv.~j .3oocl.s. I t ·,s f~,v-(~j

J.,ff·,cu.(t to s~!j evev-~jone ·,s s~~jecl. b~j o.cl.vev-t's'n-3 ~ncl. Dulj .3oocl. ·,1"\pu.(s·,ve(~j. Howevev-, ·,n

sens·,t,ve ~v-e~ of bv.s,nesses su.cl-l ~s tolj ·,ncl.u.stv-"tes, ,t 1"\~lj be necess~V"Ij to ~ncl.

~cl.vev-t,s·,n-3 to ~ose ch,(cl.v-en ~s c~o~·,(cl.v-en l-l~ve Mt .3ot enou..3l-l ~b'J,t~j to contv-o( tl-lel"\se(ves

ov- to Know wl-l~t tl-le~j neecl..

162
                                                             Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 2, WRITING TASK 1

SAMPLE ANSWER
This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer does not introduce the information in the table, nor does it report it accurately. The
   figures are misinterpreted as representing the number of people rather than the average
   number of miles travelled per person per year. Consequently the information about the increase
   in total travel is simply not mentioned, so not all key information is covered. There is an attempt
   to summarise trends in the figures, but the reader cannot get a clear overall picture of the
   information because of the fundamental confusion.

       Nevertheless, the information is organised and the writing flows quite well because of good
   use of referencing and other connectors, but there are occasional errors in these and the links
   between ideas are slightly confusing at times.

       The strong feature in this answer is the range of vocabulary which is used with some
   flexibility and good control. A good range of structures is also used, but there are still some
   fairly basic mistakes, such as in the choice of tense, subject/verb agreement and inappropriate
   use of the passive.

In 1000 the mo~t preferred. mod.e of tro.ve\ i~ by c.o.r -vith 4-,806
people . There\ o. notic.o.ble d..ec.reo.~e in public. tro.n~porto.tion loc.o.lly
vhere ·it dropped. from 4-1.9 people in 1.985 to 174- people in 1000.
Ho-vever the long d.i~to.nc.e bu~ rid.e~ i~ muc.h more preferred. by
people o.~ it~ figure~ o.re more tho.n doubled. in the lo.~t 15 yeo.r~ .
People -vho c.ho~e to -vo.\~ or c.yc.le o.re d..ec.reo.~ed.. ~lightly in 1000 .
-vhic.h probo.bly mo.d.e people to to.~e the to.~e the tro.in more often .
There\ o. ~ignific.o.nt inc.reo.~e in the number~ of people· vho
tro.ve\\ed.. by tro.in . It jumped. from 18.9 in 1.985 to 366 in 1000.
Thi~ mo.~e~ the tro.in ~ec.ond. populo.r mod.e of tro.n~porto.tion . Thi
bigge~t leo.p in the c.ho.rt i~ the inc.reo.~e of to.xi u~er~ -vho o.re
tripled. in 1000 -vith 4-1 people . vhere it -vo.~ only 13 in 1.985

    Ap o. rt from o.\1 thi~ mod.e~ of tro.ve\, there o.re ~ome more
different type~ of tro.ve\ o. ~ -vel\ of c.our~e . Number of people
c.hoo~ing different mod.e~ of tro.ve\ i~ ro.pid.ly inc.reo.~ed. from 4-50 to
585 in 1000 .

                                                                                                                      163
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 2, WRITING TASK 2

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

   As a result of constant media attention, sports professionals in my country have
   become stars and celebrities, and those at the top are paid huge salaries. Just like
   movie stars, they live extravagant lifestyles with huge houses and cars.
   Many people find their rewards unfair, especially when comparing these super salaries
   with those of top surgeons or research scientists, or even leading politicians who have
   the responsibility of governing the country.However, sports salaries are not
   determined by considering the contribution to society a person makes, or the level of
   responsibility he or she holds: Instead, they reflect the public popularity of sport in
   general and the level of public support that successful stars can generate. So the
   notion of 'fairness' is not the issue.
   Those who feel that sports stars' salaries are justified might argue that the number of
   professionals with real talent are very few, and the money is a recognition of the skills
   and dedication a person needs to be successful. Competition is constant and a player
   is tested every time they perform in their relatively short career. The pressure from the
   media is intense and there is little privacy out of the spotlight. So all of these factors
   may justify the huge earnings.
   Personally, I think that the amount of money such sports stars make is more justified
   than the huge earnings of movie stars, but at the same time, it indicates that our
   society places more value on sport than on more essential professions and
   achievements.

164
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 3, WRITING TASK 1

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

 The first diagram shows that there are four main stages in the life of the silkworm.
 First of all, eggs are produced by the moth and it takes ten daysJor each egg to
 become a silkworm larva that feeds on mulberry leaves. This stage lasts for up to six
 weeks until the larva produces a cocoon of silk thread around itself. After a peri0d of
 about three weeks, the adult moths evantually emerge from these cocoor~s and the
' life cycle begins again.

The cocoons are the raw material used for the production of silk cloth, Once selected,
they are boiled in water and the threads can be separated in the unwinding stage.
Each thread is between 300 and 900 metres long, which means they can be twisted
together, dyed and then used to produce cloth in the weaving sta~e.

Overall, the diagrams show that the cocoon stage of the silkworm can be used to

produce silk cloth through a very simple process.  ·

                                                                                 165
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 3, WRITING TASK 2

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 4 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer is considerably underlength at 186 words and it loses marks for this. The writing
   tries to address the two points of view in the question, but it is so underlength that main ideas
   are not developed enough. The writer expresses a point of view, but this is not always clear for
   the reader.

      There is a certain logic to the way the ideas are organised, and a range of logical connectors
   is used. However, these connectives are often inaccurate and at times it is difficult to
   understand the relationship between the points.

      Control of vocabulary is weak and the errors in word form and spelling make it hard for the
   reader to understand the message at times. Phrases from the question are copied directly, even
   when inappropriate, and this reveals the limitations in the writer's vocabulary. Similarly, there is
   poor control of grammatical structures, with mistakes in even simple sentences. Although there
   are occasional accurate structures, the number of mistakes causes great strain for the reader.

In ~ R.ecent ::~e~y-s, between ~ ck,ffey-ent cou.nty-·,es, ~ !of of people Keen on v·,s·,t to

o~!" cou.nty-·~s. TMse peope (·,Ke. to !e~y-n ~ J:,ffey-ent cu!tuy-~( ~ncl. y-econ·,ze c:;l;,ffey-ent

-fh·,n3s fy-ol'l\ ~ o~!" cou.nty-·,es.

     In 1'1\lj op·,n·IDn, eve!"lj 1-.ost cou.nt!"lj s\-.ou(J. we!col'l\e cu!tuy-~( J.·,ffel"ences. Be.c~se -the

v,s·,to!"s wey-e st~lj ~ si-led t,l'l\e foy- ihe,y- jou.me':j. The':\ w,(( ty-~ve! ~ncl. sl-lopp·'n3 ·,n -the

c ·,t,es. Sol'l\et,l'l\e, ~'::\ c~n by-·,n3 up ~ cu!tuy-~( ~ncl. enconol'l\o'IC wey-e J.eve!o~ent.

A!tl-lou.sl--t, ~ bn3u~3e ~ncl. -the (·,fest':j!e ~y-e J.·,ffey-ent, but we si--~!( !e~!"n fy-ol'l\ .

-fhe·,y- bw~e.

     Sol'l\e people c~nnot ~ccept -the v·,s·,to!"S. I "fh,nK -the':\ ~f~·,y- to effect -the !oc~(

custol'l\s. Ancl.  -the O.on 't -the v·,s·,to!"s bel--~v·,ou.y- wev-e effect to -fhe·,y- cou.ntv-·,es s~ft.

Thev-efov-e -the c~nnot ~ccept. The v,s·,tov-s 1'1\·51--t be -the cy-·,1'1\e ~ncl. escept fv-ol'l\ -fhe,v-

cou.ntv-·,es. Howevel", -the':\ ~f~·,v-c:A -the v·,s\tov-s wl-lose w·,(( Jest!"on':je "fhe\y- cou.nt,es.

     In SI.AI'I\1'1\ev-·,se, -the people s\-.ou(J. ~ccept -the l--ost cou.nt!"lj ~nO. we!col'l\e cu!tu!"~!

J ·,ffev-ences. The':\ w·,(( e~v-n ~ lot foy- o"fhey- cou.ntv-·,es. SI.Acl-- ~s cu!tu!"~!, v-e.s!·,ou.s,

l<.nowleJ.3e, Ads etc, If "the':\ c~n ~ccept -the oihev- cou.ntl"·,es v·,s·,tov-s. The':\ l'l\·5r.t be

benef,t ~ lot ih~n -the':\ neeJ.s.

166
                                                Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 4, WRITING TASK 1

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6.5 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

The Task Achievement is the weak point in this answer. Some of the data is summarised but the

points are not well-selected to convey the key trends shown in the charts. The main features of

the first chart are not adequately presented and the overall conclusion does not summarise .the

main information. No figures are given to illustrate the points made.    ·

The information is well-organised, however, with clear paragraphing and well-signalled

sections. The accurate use of a range of sequencers and other linkers makes it easy to follow

the writing . There are examples of errors but they are not frequent and do not cause confusion .

A range of vocabulary is used with flexibility, in spite of some inappropriate collocations and

awkward phrasing. Structures are varied and generally accurate, while any mistakes do not

make the message unclear.

We. are. 9ive.n two charts which show us a f'e.w se.ts of' data about the. marital status

of' the. Americans be.twe.e.n 1970 and ZOOO.

The. first chart compare.s the. numbe.r of' marria9e.s and divorce.s in the. Unite.d
zooo. State.s of' Ame.rica be.twe.e.n 1970 and
                                                We. can se.e. that data is 8ive.n f'or

e.ach de.cade.; the. numbe.r of' pe.ople. who are. se.ttins marrie.d de.cre.ase.d slisht\'1 since.

19~0, as we.\\ as the. divorce.s one.. Ne.ve.rthe.le.ss, divorce.s incre.ase.d be.twe.e.n 1970

and 19~0.

    The. se.cond chart is more. pre.cise. about the. dif'f'e.re.nt marital status of' the.

Americans be.twe.e.n 1970 and ZOOO. The. numbe.r of' divorce.d pe.ople. has rise.n rnore.

than the. double. durin9 this two '1e.ars, and the. data f'or the. ne.ve.r marrie.d pe.ople. has

also incre.ase.d si9niflcant\'1. Howe.ve.r, le.ss and le.ss pe.ople. are. marrie.d, as the. first

chart showe.d us; the. widowe.d American nurnbe.r is also de.cre.asin9.

As a conclusion, we. can sa'1 that the. marital status backsround of' the. Americans

has ma'1be. known the. gre.ate.st change. it had e.ve.r se.e.n.

                                                                                                   167
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST 4, WRITING TASK 2

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

   Over the last half century the pace of change in the life of human beings has
   increased beyond our wildest expectations.This has been driven by technological and
   scientific breakthroughs that are changing the whole way we view the world on an
   almost daily basis. This means that change is not always a personal option, but an :
   inescapable fact of life, and we need to constantly adapt to keep pace with it. · ..:

                                                                                                                                      ·_,

   Those people who believe they have achieved some security by doing the same,
   familiar things are living in denial. Even when people believe they are resisting change
   themselves, they cannot stop the world around them from changing.Sooner or later
   they will find that the familiar jobs no longer exist, or that the 'safe' patterns of
   behaviour are no longer appropriate.
   However,reaching the conclusion that change is inevitable is not the same as
   assuming that 'change is always for the better'.Unfortunately, iUs not always the case
   that new things are promoted because they have good impacts for the majority of
   people. ,A lot of innovations are made with the aim of making money for a few.This is
   because it is the rich and powerful people in our society who are able to impose
 - changes (such as in working conditions or property developments) that are in their ··
   own interests.
   In conclusion, I would say that change can be stimulating and energising for
   individuals when they pursue it themselves, but that all change, including that which is
   imposed on people, does not necessarily have good outcomes.

168
                                                                  Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST A, WRITING TASK 1 (GENERAL TRAINING)

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one example out of many possible approaches.

  Dear Mr Smith,
  I am your tenant from Flat 3 on Riverside Street. We met each other when I signed the
  rent~I agreement in your office.
  I have lived here for 6 months now and I am writing to complain about some of the
  furniture. As you may remember, the dining .table is in very poor condition and has
  uneven legs.. lt also does not match the dining chairs as these are too low to be
  comfortable for a table of that height. When I first pointed thi~ out to you, you agreed
  to provide a brand new dining set. However, you have not done so and I would reelly
  like to resolve this m~tter as soon as possible.
  If it is more convenient for you, perhaps you could simply replace the table by finding
  one of a suitable height for the chairs. This would solve the problems without too much
  cost, so I hope you agree to this proposed solution.
  Looking forward to hearing from you ,
  Yours sincerely,
  M.M.Egil

                                                                                                                    169
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST A, WRITING TASK 2 (GENERAL TRAINING)

SAMPLE ANSWER

This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   This answer has a clear focus and presents a very definite point of view about the general topic
   area. However, the second question is not directly addressed and no identifiable parenting skills
   are described. This means the task is only partially answered and this limits the Band score.

      The argument is quite easy to follow and a range of devices is used to connect the ideas.
   However, some of these connectives are not appropriate and paragraphing is not always
   logical, especially at the beginning of the answer. The closing statement in the conclusion is
   relevant to the argument but it is not well integrated into the writing.

       A range of vocabulary is used with flexibility and a good level of control. There are examples
   of appropriate idiomatic expressions that suggest that the writer has a good active resource. ·
   There are some lapses and some minor spelling mistakes, but these do not reduce
   communication.

      The writer uses a range of structures effectively and accurately, with examples of
   sophisticated phrasing. However, there are quite a lot of short, simple sentences too, and there
   are lapses and omissions in some structures, although these do not prevent the reader from
   understanding the message.

E.ver'(t aoun~ pe.;60n, male. Or fe.ma.le. 6hould know more. about be.in~ a. ~ood
pa.re.nt be. fore. ha.vin~ children . There. . are. ma.na ca.6e.6 in wh1ch ver'd aoun~ women
~1ve. birth to little. ba.bie.6, without ha.vin~ a. clue. wha.t me.a.n6 to be. a. pa.re.nt .

     In addition, 6chool 6hould provide. cour6e.6, te.a.chin~ aoun~ per60n6 to be.
~ood pa.re.nt6 . lt mi~ht 6e.e.m a6 60me.thin~ ver'd e.a.6'd E.ve.r'd woma.n ca.n be. a.
mother, the. problem i6 wha.t kind of mothe.r 6he. i6 .

     lt i6 6a.id tha.t huma.n in6tinc.t de.ve.lop6 a.fter ~ivint birth to a. child a.nd
e.ver'd mother - fa.the.r in6tinc.tua.lla fe.e.l6 wha.t to do for the. ba.b'd . ~ut 1 there.
a. re. 6 ome. t h1 n~6 tha.t ou ~ht to be. known be. fore. .

     A chdd i6 not a. 6imple. to'd A chdd i6 a. b1~ re.6pOn6a.bd't'd, love. a.nd care. . A
mother 6hould know if 6he. 16 re.a.d'd or not to have. a chdd 1 and a couple. 6hould
prepare. before. hav1n~ children

     We. can 6e.e. man'd ca6e.6 with famdie.6 be.hav1n~ bad I'd - 1n real l1fe. 1 on TV 1
re.a.d1n~ ne.w6pape.r6, when chddre.n are. ve.r'd bad, when pare.nt6 abu6e. their
olnl'd children, 6ere.a.m1n~ and 6hout1n~~ 6ma.ckin~ the. m Who 16 ~udt'd then 7 The.
parent or the. child 7 Th16 ca6e.6 can e.nd re.a.ll'd ba.dl'd 1f the. per60n6 1n char~e.
- here. - pa.re.nt6 and not the. children - don't le.a.rn how to behave. the.m6e.lve.6,
how to handle. their childre.n1 how and when to ~ive. them 6upport .

     In add1tion to all the. th1n~6 wr1tte.n above. 1 it would be. a ver'd ~ood 1de.a for
6chool6 to te.a.ch 'doun~ pe.r60n6 be.come. ~ood pare.nt6, a6 th16 can help 'dounl}
people. how to to handle. the.1r own proble.m6 and above. all the.1r chddre.n ' 6
proble.m6

     A child i6 the. m1rror of the. pa.re.nt6 .

170
                                                                   Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST B, WRITING TASK 1 (GEN ERAL TRAINING)

SAMPLE ANSWER
This is an answer written by a candidate who achieved a Band 6 score. Here is the examiner's
comment:

   The letter has a clear purpose and all the information required in the task is provided and well-
   extended by the writer. The tone is consistently informal and friendly, wh ich suits the situation.
   The closing expression is over-formal and adds an inappropriate tone, but this is only a minimal
   lapse in the whole response.

      The information is generally organised throughout the letter, but wh ile there are one or two
   examples of good linking, there is a lot of omission, and 'also' is used rather repetitively. As a
   result, sentences are not fluently linked and this limits the rating.

      Vocabulary is adequate and appropriate for the task although the range is not wide. The level
   of control is generally good with only a few spelling mistakes. The range of structures is limited
   and repetitive, however. There are one or two examples of complex structures used well, but
   overall there are lots of simple clauses that have inaccu rate punctuation. This is a weak point of
   this answer.

Dear neighbour 1
I arn ~our new neighbour, I rnoved in Las.t week with rn~ &on, I arn working as.
a nurs.e in the nearb~ hos.pital. I arn planning to hold a part~. I will invite all
rn~ friends. and relative&, rn~ &on als.o will invite his. f riends. I would like to invite

~u too, I will be happ~ to s.ee ~u.

At the part~ I will provide all kind of' drinks., dif'f'erent t~pe of' f'ood, I will
prepare intercontinental dis.hes. as. well as. s.orne Arabic. f'ood, in addition I will als.o
get s.orne Indian and c.hines.e f'ood 1 I wi ll order thern f'rorn the restaurant , s.o we
will have plant~ of' f'ood and drinks., we will als.o lis.ten to s.orne rnusic. and I will

introduced ~u to all of' rn~ f'erinds., als.o who ever likes. to dance the~ c.an. I

hope ever~ne will enjo~ the part~ and have f'un including ~u.

If' ~ou decided not to c.orne f'or an~ rea&on, plea&e inf'orrn rne , and I want to be

s.ure that the nois.e will not dis.turb ~u.

Looking forward to s.ee ~ou, as. this. part~ give& both of' us the opportunit~ to

be good freinds..

~urs. f'aithf'ul l ~.

Mahir

                                                                                                                         171
Model and sample answers for writing tasks

TEST B, WRITING TASK 2 (GENERAL TRAINING)

MODEL ANSWER
This model has been prepared by an examiner as an example of a very good answer. However, please
note that this is just one exa mple out of many possible approaches.

I tend to agree that young children can be negatively affected by too much time spent
on the computer every day.This is partly because sitting in front of a screen for too
long can .be damaging to both the eyes and the physical posture of a young child,
regardless of what they are using the computer for.

However, the main concern is about the type of computer activities that attract
children. These are often electronic games that tend to be very intense and rather

violent. The player is usually the 'hero' of the game and too much exposure can

encourage children to be self-centred and insensitive to others. ··

Even when children use a computer for other purposes, such as getting information or
emailing friends, it is no substitute for human interaction. Spending time with other
children and sharing non-virtual experiences is an important part of a child's
.development that cannot be provided by a oomput~r.

In spite of this, the pbvious benefits of computer skills for young children cannot be

· denied. Their adult world will be changing constantly in terms ot.technolo'gy and the

Internet is the key to all the knowledge and information available in t.he world today.

Therefore it is important that children learn at an early age to use the equipment
enthusiastically and with confidence as they will need th~e skills throughout their .

studies and working lives.                  ·

I think the main·point is to make sure that young children do not overuse computers.
Rarents must ensure that their children learn to enjoy othef .kinds of activity and not
simply sit at.home, learning to live in a virtual world,

172
                                                                                                             Sample answer sheets

Sample answer sheets

M BRITISH                    ~IELTS                      U UNNERSITY of CAMBRIDGE                                            -
M COUNCIL
                            ~ AUSTRAUA                   V ESOL Examinations

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 - Centre number:

- Ptease write your name below,
-- then write your six dig it Candidate number in the b oxes

- and shade tho number In the grid on the right In PENCIL

-- Test date (sh nde ONE. box fo r th @oay. ONE box for the month ann ONE box for the year):
                            ---- IELTS Listening Answer Sheet
-- 1
                                                                              '  . ';.... .:: .... .

·.- •- ~I"                            ./ 1 )I              21                                                ./ 21 )I

                                      c= =                                                                   ==

• - 3                                                                                                        = >22 =
;,_ f. ~. f• ,~~~f\\~!i~t~~\-1.  ;      -       2=         22  ~~J;.:..iJ;~~v~,x~,:~:s:;:_..~

                                      .b

. - •- of>' ~~ . • ~ ~-~~ ~ -:.~• ~-' ~~·~""i•f'lJ         23                                                     23

                                      ==                                                                     ==
                                 . .,_ •·. 4
                                                                                                                    2~
                                     ==
• - 5                                                                                                        = """"
                                                           24  "=..~:E.'i",:)rl•,:t",:-f ·~)\' ~""~"~· ~$.~       25

                                                                                                             ==
.,. • ' 6• '' .11f'·~..~·• '';~ ,"~"~ "gf.~•• ~,-''i"''•' --~ 6 tb 26 ~;·~J;X·hl'c~~~-'\'~t~'~~ r,. e;:,-~!~525

                                      ==

• - 7
..... - •- ~~ -f'·,p,c":"'·e"<'~~'~~ " ~ ,..,~~.,r..~?~~i10"1"· ~r.:.:;.J727                                       27

                                                        ~                                                    ==

• - 9
                                      I·=       8 "<       28  ' ;t=-J.~;.:r.*1:u;~~.~~.if~                       28

                                                  =                                                          ==

·" •- ·= ~0 ~~"- ··~?., . .£-~ ~;, - ~~;;,:"' ~0 -~ 30'e: '~:;,:~"~.~·~·'>;~-J~:.,;;~-W:.\,-1:~~;,Y. •; = 30929    29

                                      ==                                                                     C ->      =

• 11                                         11            31                                                      31

' . -• 1 ,,~ ~~·€·->f"~~~~,\i~';{.~:  ==                                                                     -~        =

•- 13                                                                                                              - 32 .
                                           12              32  ~$~-~-~,,~;'"~~f'~f~                          ==

                                      =' " =
,- = •- ~- = ~.~"'' ~-~ ,.;.·,G·r,g.W"#·~ ~ ••.!:_,!4 .~· 34 - :.·:,.~;1~$.\'?..~i.t~~~;il' ·-c:::l 34 r.J,•;13   33
                                                           33
                                      ==                                                                     ==

-• 15
• 16 1"-.,."-·~~"=.";';:"-'.Z.i,"t\t1 ~•~~•~•,• ;_{:• >'1 . - ~<=i; ~· ~ 36
                                                35 15                                                             35
                                      ~~            =
                                                                                                             ==

•- '17
                                                               ~?~~~~~#;·:~~-~"\~                                 36
                                                                                                             £:::7 rt c::;)

•- 18 ~~.;~;I~'01 ~.,~>. ~I',~'\'?~} ~• <~• >~:;, ~, .:.17 37                                                     37

                                      ==                                                                     ==

- •- 19                          ..~  ~-
                                                t:"8' =    38 ·-~ £\f~.~'f~:rilf\,~{·f.'·~                        38
                                      =
                                                                                                             =<' =

•- 'f' '•. 20 ~ ~if;;.-, ;~·:-'.)1 ·;~:-;· . ·-~~~~~.-;"".~ :~~~ -. q 20,1.!::) 401939                            39

                                      =~            =                                                        =

                                                                                                               = 40 J

                                                                                                             d
• Chadc:er's

I,....,. I .. ""·" I llllltials
                                                               ,. il"'~~  :·,·';.'j_; ~c'1,'r~'nT:., 1

•

- IELTS L~ v4.0
f  .  '-".'--"''"~"·~7t  '  ........... ~~ ~                   Band       '~     lislernng
                                                                                    To tal

                                                                                         OP500/392

                                                                              © UCLES 2007 1Qi@i1Igi!§610M

                                                                                                                   173
Sample answer sheets

--- Are you: Female? =- Male? ,-

--- Your first language code:
---- ·c;.,f:;,~>'. · · · · · ,.
                                        IELTS Reading Answer Sheet                ·, .· "' . ·. .-.        :

•-• 2Modu le take n (shad e ono box ):          Acade m1 c            Ge n eral Trammg r:':"

•3                                                    ./ I             _.,                                 ; ""2i"'X
•- 4
•- 5                       .. ·                       :·~                                                       22
                                                                                                           6
•6                                                                22
•7                                                                23  .. .· ., . ' .::                           21
                                                                  24                                             2A
-• 8 ...                                                          25
                                                                  26                                       =
•9
                                                                 27                                             25
-• 10                                                                                                           26 -
                           .. .··                                28   •·  ..  ·,  " .. ·~.... ,.                 27
-• 11                                                                                                           28
•- 12                                                                 _                                    b
                                                                                                                29
• 13                                                             29                                             30
                                                                                                                31
•- 14                                                      10    30   ~.:         :•i')c..'" '\.
••- 15                                                                                                          33
                                                      =
                                                                                                                35
                                                        11       31
                                                                                                                37
                                                           12    32
                                                                                                                39
                                                      =

                                                        13       33

                                                        14""" 34

                                                        15       35

•- 17                                                   16

•- .. 18 ·r:,,;~,~~;~~-~;:-~_,_~t:.?-~~, ;{\"!'?"'?.;.  17       37

• 19                                                  = · 18
•-- ... 20                                                   '=  38

                                                        19       39

• - Mari<IK'81 ' '-h.:.. j~:...~?'~,\
                           ·~;:.-:~.4-:~ ,,.,~  ::~-        20   40
                      t.                              c::T .->:
-- -----------------------------------------------------------------· 1. Initials A ~
                                                        _. _

                                                                                             © UCLES 2007
174
Acknowledgements

The authors and publishers are grateful to the foUowing for permission to reproduce copyright
material. While every effort has been made, it has not always been possible to identify the sources of
aU the material used, or to contact the copyright holders. If any omissions are brought to our notice,
we will be happy to include the appropriate acknowledgements on reprinting.

The publishers are grateful to the following for permission to reproduce copyright material:

Fot: the text on pp. 18- 19: 'Australia's Sporting Success' by Wilson da Silva, New Scientist,
26 January 2002, for the text on pp. 27- 28 'Climate Change and the lnuit' by Sue Armstrong,
New Scientist , November 2001 , for the text on pp. 44--45: 'Greying Population stays in the Pink',
by Philip Cohen, New S cientist, 16 March 2004, for the text on pp. 89-90: 'Do literate women
make better mothers?' by H Epstein, New Scientist, 29 Apri11995 . Used by permission of
New Scientist; for the text on pp. 22-23: 'Delivering the goods'. The Economist 13 November
1997. © The Economist Newspaper, Limited, London; for the text on pp. 41-42: 'Advantages of
public transport', by Stephen Luntz. Australasian Science, August 1998. Used by permission of
Auspac Media Pty Ltd; for the text on pp. 48-49: 'Numeration' by Michael Williams. Taken from
A History of Computing Technology. © 1997. Reprinted with permission of John Wiley & Sons,
lnc; for the text on pp. 68-69: 'Motivating employees under adverse conditions'. Reproduced
from Robbins & Mukerji Managing Organisations: New challenges and perspectives (2nd edition).
© Pearson Education Australia, 1994; for the text on pp. 71-72: 'The search for the anti-aging ·
pill' by M Lane, D Ingram and G Roth. Scientific American, 16 July 2002. Used by permission of
Scientific American, Inc. All rights reserved; for the text on pp. 86-87: 'Doctoring Sales' by ·
Erin Strout. Sales and Marketing Management, May 2001. Used by permission Of VNU
Business Media, Inc; for the text on pp. 94-95: 'Bullying' by Peter Smith. Children UK,
Winter 1994. Reproduced with the kind permission of the National Children's Bureau; for the
text on pp. 110--111: 'The Water Crisis' taken from Understanding Global Issues. © 2001.
Used by permission of European Schoolbooks Ltd; for the text on pp. 122-124: ' Pterosaurs'
taken from National Geographic, May 2001. © Richard Monastersky/National Geographic
Image Collection.

The publishers are grateful to the following for permission to include photographs:
p. 18; p. 27; p. 41; p. 48; p. 89; p. 110: Corbis; p. 122 Natural History Museum.

Design concept by Peter Ducker MSTD

Cover design by John Dunne

The cassettes and audio CDs which accompany this book were recorded at Studio AVP, London.

Page make up by Servis Filmsetting Ltd.

176
