Test 1

Speaking
Part 1

1. What kinds of emails do you receive about your work or studies?

Well, Last email I received was my test result from my university. My university release test result
one week after the finals by email which contains the scores for the 4 units I
take during the semester. my heart beasts so hard every time when I receive the
email.

2. Do you prefer to email, phone or text your friends? [Why?]

I prefer contacting them by phone because by talking them through the phone I
can get an instant respond. Unlike text or email, you have to wait until they
reply.

3. Do you reply to emails and messages as soon as you receive them? [Why /
Why not?]

Yes. Coz I am afraid that I may forget to do it later on. And I don‘t want others
to wait for my reply, especially when others ask me for some advice or try to
consult me about something.

4. Are you happy to receive emails that are advertising things? [Why / Why
not?]

It depends on what kind of advertisement I’m getting. I subscribed a lot of my
favorite brands, and sometimes they let me know their sales promotion by
sending me email, and I do welcome these kind of advertisements.

Part 2
Describe a hotel that you know.
You should say:
where this hotel is
what this hotel looks like
what facilities this hotel has
and explain whether you think this is a nice hotel to stay in.

        Answer:
Well, the hotel I wanna refer to is the intercontinental hotels resorts in America.
The hotel isn't necessarily fancy, but the hotel itself is gorgeously designed.

                                                                    1
Rooms are spacious and modernized. The exterior is pure white, and it is about 18-floor height.

First, the best part about this hotel is definitely the location. The hotel is set on
a picture-perfect beach, which lets you dive straight into the transforming
ambiance of the sea. You can just get active with water sports without
going out and laze the day away.

Speaking of the facilities, in addition to the standard facilities, the beach access
has chairs, canopies, and umbrellas for you to relax or to jump into the ocean.
Plus, the hotel is very well maintained and offers a variety of leisure space,
beach bar, indoor and outdoor restaurants. Especially after the sunset, you can
dine at the hotel at the beachfront and enjoy the sophisticated nightspots under
swaying palm trees.

Indeed, I highly recommend this hotel. Maybe it is not a very ritzy boutique
retreat, but an all-inclusive resort won‘t let you down. It can offer you a more of
a feel for the culture and venture out. I would definitely go back for another stay
at this amazing hotel.

Part 3

Staying in hotels

1. What things are important when people are choosing a hotel?

I think there are a lot of things matter. But I take location as my priority.
Cos its just convenient to have hotel locates near to all the tourist
destinations. If people are having a business trip, it‘s always more
convenient to pick up a hotel that is near to the main business centers or
transport hub coz it‘s just time-saving. Besides that, reviews are also very
important. Those tourists have visited the hotel, so those reviews are
100% honest and transparent. In that case, people can find a more ideal
accommodation.

2. Why do some people not like staying in hotels?

I suppose there are a bunch of reasons. The first idea that I come up with
is the unclean rooms. For example, if you find someone‘s hair that
doesn‘t belong to you on the pillow or in a bathtub, which is really
disgusting.

3. Do you think staying in a luxury hotel is a waste of money?

Well, I guess it totally depends on your needs. If you just look for a place

                                                                    2
to stay overnight, obviously living in a fancy hotel is not necessary.
Instead, if your need of a hotel is more than a bed, then that‘s worth it.
Coz those 5-star hotels usually come with premium-priced services, like
24-hour room service, laundry and gym etc. For those people, the good
services totally outweigh the high cost of lodging.

Working in a hotel

1. Do you think hotel work is a good career for life?

Sure, why not. If an individual chooses hotel work as a career, I think it would
be ideal as well as other jobs. The work you do is about to make people‘s day,
like, welcoming, setting places and rooms, checking sanitation, etc. Every day
you come into work, you are making someone feel enjoyable and welcomed,
and even at home.

2. How does working in a big hotel compare with working in a small hotel?

I think the most obvious difference is the service. Working in a big hotel
requires a much higher service quality since they usually have a well-developed
system to serve customers. So, this means that you got a lot to learn. However,
when you work in a small hotel, the services you need to do is definitely fewer
than big hotels. It‘s just about some basic tasks like, how to make reservation,
how to do check-in, arranging rooms, etc. Additionally, high-quality services
also come with generous compensation and benefits packages, so if you look for
a high-paying job, working in a small hotel is not a perfect choice.

3. What skills are needed to be a successful hotel manager?

Well, first of all, communication skill is necessary to handle the job. managers
are responsible for solving problems between employees and Hotel guests. If
you cannot communicate your needs and opinions to your staff, then it‘s
unlikely that you could be a qualified leader. Another quality that matters so
much is detail oriented. As successful hotel managers, they should not only
notice the big problems, like safety, but also be aware of those small issues,
things like whether the chairs in the lobby are clean. They have to make sure
that every small problem is not neglected. In that case, each customer can have
an extraordinary experience.

                                                                    3
Test 2
Speaking
Part 1
Language

1. How many languages can you speak? [Why/Why not?]

I can speak 2 languages. Mandarin and English. Mandarin is my mother tongue
because I’m a Chinese. And my mom signed me up for English tutoring when I
was 5, and I’ve been leaning it for 10 years since then.

2. How useful will English be to you in your future? [Why/Why not?]

I think is quite useful in the way that English is an international language, which
means English is used in many different countries and occasions. I’ve seen two
people from different countries talking to each other in English. Learning
English is truly a way for me to get to know more people and make more
friends.

3. What do you remember about learning languages at school? [Why/Why
not?]

I remember learning ABC was one of the most difficult thing for me cos I
always forgot which letter comes next. And also you were asked to make up a
word using each of the alphabet. U was always the hardest one cos I just cant
thought of “ugly”, “urge” these kind of words back then. But generally, learning
English was fun.

4. What do you think would be the hardest language for you to learn?
[Why?]

Well in my opinion, I would choose Russian as the most difficult language to
learn. First of all, there are plenty of pronunciations in Russian that need
speakers to roll their tongues, and it is impossible for me to manage. And
secondly, I was told by the native speakers that the grammatical rules are fairly
challenging to memorize as they have so many verb variations. Unfortunately,
although I still recall some conversational expressions, I finally gave up
learning Russian after I tried hard for some time.

                                                                    4
Part 2

Describe a website that you bought something from.
You should say:
what the website is
what you bought from this website
how satisfied you were with what you bought
and explain what you liked or disliked about using this website.

I would like to talk about a website that sells cosmetic. Everything shown on
this website is in Korean and I cant even read the name of the website. But there
was a while that Korean cosmetics was so popular in China so that made me got
onto this website. Products listed on the website varied with reasonable price.
So bought a facial cream which was for the purpose to sooth my skin. But one
week after using it, my skin got allergic and I got this itchy and burning
sensation that I had to go to the hospital eventually. I think it was just my bad
luck. I cant really say I don’t like this website cos they’ve got different kinds of
cosmetic that you barely can find somewhere else, but I think the website can be
improved if they can translate it into different languages so people speak
another language can read it too.

Part 3
Shopping online

1. What kinds of things do people in your country often buy from online
shops?

Well, according to the news that I read about the other day, it shows people in
my country mostly prefer to buy daily necessities whose cost accounts for
almost 50% of their overall spending every year. As you can imagine, these are
the very things that people need on a daily basis so it‘s no wonder a lot of
people spend so much money on them and moreover, daily necessities are
relatively inexpensive and easy to restore that the customers can get discounts if
they buy a lot online.

2. Why do you think online shopping has become so popular nowadays?

Well, I believe the reasons why online shopping becomes more and more
popular lie in as follows. First of all, with the accelerated life pace in the cities,
people can‘t spare much time to go to the brick-and-mortar stores or

                                                                    5
supermarkets. Second, distributors as well as retailers have to cut down their
cost in order to survive in the increasingly fierce market competition. And last
but not least, most of the products of online shopping can be guaranteed 7-day
refund policy without a reason which is quite user-friendly; hence it greatly
increases customers‘ sense of safety.

4. What are some possible disadvantages of buying things from online
shops?

There are several reasons to justify some drawbacks still do exist in buying
items from online shops. One major problem is that it‘s really difficult to have
an actual feeling on the product you want to buy as you can‘t physically touch,
feel or measure it so as a result, a lots of shoes, clothes and trousers are not
perfectly compatible to your size and what‘s more, you need to responsible for
returning shipping under some circumstances. Another annoying thing is what
you have seen on the webpage may not the exactly the same as what is
delivered to you because of the attractive pictures might be exaggerated.

The culture of consumerism

1. Why do many people today keep buying things which they do not need?

In my opinion, I think this is something to do with the customers‘ philosophy.
As you see, lots of products are on sale which is extremely tempting to most of
the viewers. Naturally the impulsive consumption takes place. At the same time,
since online shopping doesn‘t need the customers to step out of their homes so
more or less the feeling of money spending could be weakened by online
transactions. And lastly, there are some novel items that you maybe never see
before so your curiosity automatically pushes you to place an order but
unfortunately what you receive may let you down.

2. Do you believe the benefits of a consumer society outweigh the
disadvantages?

As far as I am concerned, my answer will be NO. To start with, consumerism
believes people need to consume more to satisfy their daily needs and thus take
it granted that a more industrialized society with their cultural attitudes has set
up. Then lots of organizations and institutions have been established to
encourage this phenomenon, for instance, you could be entitled to have many
credit cards simultaneously to finally get a person into financial trouble. So I
think the relative authorities should think over how to alleviate the
disadvantages that a consumer society has brought.

                                                                    6
3. How possible is it to avoid the culture of consumerism?

I think it will be difficult to avoid it. On one hand, the culture of consumerism
has existed for a long time as in the modern times, people get a stronger need to
advertise themselves by dressing up, for example. They intend to differentiate
from others to manifest their exoticness especially for the younger generation.
And they are the very group who consume a lot. On the other hand, a lot of
people hold the opinion that high consumption creates a bigger mass market
which needs more labour force to increase the employment rate of the society.
But the culture of consumerism also reflects a great number of the wastes of all
kinds and currently it needs to be well controlled by individual awareness.

Test 3

Speaking
Part 1
Swimming

1. Did you learn to swim when you were a child? [Why/Why not?]

Yes I did. My mom signed me up for swimming class and I remember I was so
scared of the water the first class, can’t believe I can do both frog style and free
stroke swim for 30 minutes without stopping now.

2. How often do you go swimming now? [Why/Why not?]

I swim twice per week. I got a yearly pass to the swimming pool near my place.
Its just 10 minutes walk, so its very easy to go there.

3. What places are there for swimming where you live? [Why?]

Well, there are several places for swimming near my community, like the city
swimming pool, a sports complex and two private gyms. Among all these
options, I prefer to go swimming in one of the gyms which is only two blocks
away from my apartment. Obviously, it would be quite annoying if there are
huge crowd of people in the pool.

4.Do you think it would be more enjoyable to go swimming outdoors or at
an indoor pool? [Why?]

                                                                    7
Personally, I would say swimming in the sea or river brings much better
experience. You know, I‘m that kind of person who hates cramped space.
Naturally, with the low dome and restricted borders, it‘s hard for me to enjoy
the hours spent in the pool.

Part 2

Describe a famous business person that you know about.
You should say:
who this person is
what kind of business this person is involved in
what you know about this business person
and explain what you think of this business person.

Well, I‘d like to read the biographies of successful businessmen in the world because
they teach me a lot of things and inspire me. Today, I would like to talk about
one such businessman who is not only successful in his profession but also a
very renowned philanthropist. The name of this entrepreneur and world renowned philanthropist
is Bill Gates.

I got to know Bill Gates about 15 years ago when I just started school. By then,
I just owned my very first personal computer. It was also at that time that an
operating system called ―Windows‖ astonished me by its functional features
and delicate design. Later on, I knew that the pillar underpinning the palace
of ―Microsoft‖ is called Bill Gates.

After searching for more information about this sexy mind, I also got to know
that Bill, born in 1955, declared to donate almost all of his assets and fortune to
those who need them more than he and his families do after death.
As a true entrepreneur in every sense, he is super gifted at managing, designing,
and predicting. I guess everyone who knows him well would agree with me that
he is a man who has faith in conquering every single challenge in front of him.

Part 3

Famous people today

1. What kinds of people are most famous in your country today?

From my perspective, there are primarily two types of people in China who
could earn their fame now. The ― “cyber star effect” has become a heated
phenomenon in China during the last decade. Due to the prosperity of social
networking software and apps, more and more youngsters have made live

                                                                    8
streaming their vocation and a ready source of money. The speed of becoming
famous is purely astonishing. Before being followed by the audience, you are
just nobody with little payroll. Suddenly, agencies offer you big check to
broadcast things your fans love. It‘s really surreal and somewhat ironic. Another
group of people showed real talent before the public know them. Some of them
make breakthroughs in certain fields like biology or health care. Others might
have come up with solutions to bread and butter issues that benefit the whole
community. These heroes definitely deserve the fame and compliments.

2. Why are there so many stories about famous people in the news?

Well, I guess it‘s mainly because the readers enjoy reading such news and
probably need those inspirational stories badly. If the word ― “famous people”
refers to amusement celebrities, the updates of their lives on and off the screen
are basically the best anecdotes for the public. It‘s also the compromise these
renowned people have to make in order to remain well-known. Meanwhile, the
stories of successful businessmen and politicians are ubiquitous both in the
mass media and self-media. We ought to know that if there are thousands of
people who bring home the bacon, there are definitely millions more who suffer
fiasco. Those inspirational stories or news could bring about more confidence
and faith which are absolutely necessary to the underdogs.

3. Do you agree or disagree that many young people today want to be
famous?
I guess so. Although some celebrities have complained about the drawbacks of
being famous, like being harassed by paparazzi, lack of rest, more social
responsibilities, etc., there are obviously more merits than disadvantages
brought by fame. As a celebrity, getting rich and wealthy is relatively easier.

Advantages of being famous

1. Do you think it is easy for famous people to earn a lot of money?

Personally, I agree with the statement. It‘s undeniable that compared with
ordinary people, the revenue of famous people clearly belongs to the next level.
You know, due to their popularity, celebrities could probably endorse some
commodities or items and earn big money, or get a higher position and fat check
from a large corporation even though there are numerous competitors who are
more capable.

2. Why might famous people enjoy having fans?

Well, there are multiple reasons for that. I believe one of the main reasons is
that the fame could bring incomparable sense of satisfaction and achievement.

                                                                    9
Maybe it‘s difficult for an ordinary person to perceive the feeling of being liked
and followed. But taking a glimpse at the look on the faces of stars who have
millions of fans and supporters, you would become somewhat jealous just like
everyone else does.

3. In what ways could famous people use their influence to do good things
in the world?

In my view, there several methods that celebrities could adopt to make positive
impact on the society. First of all, a clear edge politicians have over other
famous people is that some of the policies or regulations might be issued earlier
under their propelling. For example, in the parliament, different voices towards
topical issues like garbage disposal are definitely being considered and
discussed. There are big chances that certain policies could be published
afterwards. Secondly, being supported and loved by millions of fans, super stars
could act as role models by making donations or giving special care to the weak
in front of the public. Their fans are definitely the pioneers who would forward
such philanthropic acts on the social media. I believe such behaviour would be
super influential.

Test 4

Speaking
Part 1

1. How often do you wear jewelry? [Why/Why not?]

To be honest, I rarely wear jewellery. Coz I‘m a student who doesn‘t have
regular income, buying jewellery is really pricey, which may put strain on
budget. Plus, wearing jewellery on campus is not a good choice, I mean,
distractions may be improved by flashy jewellery, so I can‘t give full attention
to academic mission.

2. What type of jewellery do you like best? [Why/Why not?]

Actually, I‘m not crazy about jewellery, buying jewellery isn‘t my thing. As for
me, I prefer to wear watches on a daily basis, like Apple Watch. Coz it‘s easy to
transport and I can take it anywhere. It‘s not just a watch, it‘s a study aid. I can
use it to access to information and get function right.

3. When do people like to give jewellery in your country [Why?]

                                                                   10
Well, on some celebrations like some important festivals , people tend to give
jewellery to families and friends to show respect and politeness. Coz they‘re
really pricey and worth to collect, which can leave good and lasting impression
on people.

4. Have you ever given jewellery to someone as a gift? [Why / Why not?]

Yes. I once bought a bracelet for my friend a bracelet as her birthday gift. It was
a very thing metal bracelet with exquisite patterns on it. She liked it a lot and
even wears it now sometimes we meet each other.
Honestly, I‘ve never given it to anyone as a gift, coz I‘m a student who doesn‘t
have regular income, buying jewellery is too expensive. However, I sent a handmade cake to my
bosom friend last year to show my best wishes, it‘s much
more affordable for me.

Part 2

Describe an interesting TV programme you watched about a science topic.
You should say:
what science topic this TV programme was about
when you saw this TV programme
what you learnt from this TV programme about a science topic and explain why
you found this TV programme interesting.

Okay. A big-name TV programme in China just hit me. I watched
this TV programme 3 or 4 years ago. The first time
I saw this programme was accidental, I still remembered it was a bright sunny
day and my roommate was watching this science programme and burst into
laughter. So I was hooked by this programmed deeply.

This programme mainly introduced some terminology about psychology,
sociology, biology and other stuff. One day, it invited some scientists to show
that babies as young as five months old can do basic arithmetic. They devised
an experiment that a baby was shown a doll on a table. So the baby looked at
the doll. Then the researcher lowered a screen in front of the doll, so now the
doll was hidden behind the screen. But then the researcher took a second doll
and very obviously places it behind the screen with the first one. Well, cause
what the researcher did was they secretly took away one of the dolls. And then
when they raised the screen back up, they recorded the baby‘s eye movement on
camera. And we knew that when a baby was surprised by something, it stared at
where the noise or light was coming from. So they found baby was surprised
and they could add.

                                                                   11
Personally, I‘ve learnt a lot from this programme, you know, I‘m really
crazy about psychology but I‘ve never seen such interesting programme to draw
my attention. In this programme, they used some funny stories or exciting
experiments to illustrate tons of intricate terms, during the process of watching
the programme, I can also gain some hands-on experience that gets me excited.
Part 3
Science and the public

1. How interested are most people in your country in science?

Well, I think a bunch of people are crazy about science, especially male
students. Coz they tend to run experiments in lab, you know, it‘s the precious
hands-on experience. For example, we had a big-name astronomy program, tons
of female students have been tracking the comet all semester long.

2. Why do you think children today might be better at science than their
parents?

I believe children have better chance to access resources about science
nowadays. Our technologies are advanced, so there is guarantee that small
glitches or malfunctions won‘t occur during study, and they can look around
information on website or take practical courses to learn science. On the other
hand, parents only took courses or read textbooks to acquire knowledge.

3.How do you suggest the public can learn more about scientific
developments?
In my view, government can give a lecture in local community to educate the
public or spread out some booklets to raise awareness of science, which can
draw attention to citizens and have more motivation and passion to know
scientific development. Plus, students can sign up classes about science to gain
knowledge.

Scientific discoveries

1. What do you think are the most important scientific discoveries in the
last 100 years?

Laptop computer, definitely. It‘s easy to transport. When I‘m about to work on
my paper for class or go to the library to do group assignment, I can just unplug
the computer, put it into carrying case and sling over its shoulder. It‘s more
users-friendly.

2. Do you agree or disagree that there are no more major scientific
discoveries left to make?

                                                                   12
It makes no sense. Since nowadays scientists create a bunch of innovations or
scientific breakthrough. For example, with the QR code becomes one of the
most popular payment options, the world tends to be cashless. We don‘t need to
bring heavy wallets or credit cards to purchase items, so it‘s really time-saving
and effort-saving.
3.Who should pay for scientific research governments or private
companies?
I think everyone should make contribution to society, so governments and
private companies are both responsible for scientific research. On the one hand,
governments have sufficient funds to invest money on promising fields, while
private companies can use their human resources to be actively involved in
research. They‘re all irreplaceable.

                                                                   13
