                                        剑桥 15 test1 task1
     The bar chart shows a survey about people's coffee and tea buying and drinking
habits in five Australian cities over a four-week period.
     In general, we can see that visiting a café for coffee or tea is marginally more
popular than another two habits. However, a different trend can be seen if we look at
the specific figures. In Sydney, Melbourne and Hobart, more than 60 percent of
people bought the drink from a café. Whereas Adelaide had a different case, the
number of people going to a cafe is only 1 percent less than that going to buy an
instant coffee, and it is nearly 50 percent.
     The other obvious character you will notice from the chart is that there was the
fewest people accustomed to buying fresh coffee , significantly fewer than that of the
other options, in Brisbane, Adelaide, and Hobart, where only fewer than 40 percent or
even 35 percent of the city residents made this choice during the past 4 weeks. The
situation was better in Sydney and Melbourne. At last, about instant coffee, the second
choice of people, its popularity is more than that of fresh coffee and less than that of
cafécoffee in five Australian cities.

好词佳句：
be accustomed to 习惯于
the number of people going to a cafe is only 1 percent less than that going to buy an
instant coffee, and it is nearly 50 percent.
去咖啡馆的人数只比买速溶咖啡的人数少 1%，接近 50%。
（注意比较结构中的代词使用 that/those，同类异物，it/they，同物）

                                        剑桥 15 test2 task1
     The number of tourists visiting a Caribbean island from 2010 to 2017 is surveyed.
The result, illustrated in the line graph, depicts that the island’s growing popularity
overall that is in two types of visit.
     Over a 8-year period, the number of visitors has increased significantly (1 million
to 3.5 million), unaffected by the 2016 stagnation. As for the two specific groups of
visitors, one group increased from 0.7 million to 2 million, and the other from 0.3 to
1.5 million.
     The number of visitors staying on the island had a sharp rise during the first few
years. Meanwhile, the number of visitors choosing to stay on cruise ships showed a
downward trend. In the years that followed, until 2016, the gap gradually narrowed,
with the number of landing visitors stagnating at 1.5 million for three years and
beginning to decline, while the number of cruise visitors continued to soar. From 2016,
the overall trend rose persistently. In particular, cruising visitors accounted for the
larger portion and the number of landed visitors grow again.

好词佳句：
soar 飙升
stagnate 停滞
a sharp rise 急速上升
a downward trend 一个下降的趋势
the gap gradually narrowed 差距逐渐缩小
accounted for the larger portion 占了较大的比例
In the years that followed 在随后的数年里

                                        剑桥 15 test3 task1
     This chart shows the process of making instant noodles. In general, the process is
complicated and ordered, involving various apparatuses and the corresponding steps.
     Production begins when flour is loaded from the storage silo onto the truck and
then the truck unloads the flour. The first step is to pour the water and oil into the
container used to make the dough. Then, the mixture passes through the rollers and
becomes a thin piece of dough. The slices go through a cutting device and are cut into
strips, which are then processed into noodle dishes. So far, half process has been
completed.
     Next step is to cook the disks in oil until they are dry and then put them into cups.
Vegetables and spices are added as supplements and condiments. Finally, A conveyor
belt takes the cup to the next station, where it is labeled and sealed. At this pont,
production is properly finished.

好词佳句：
apparatuses 装置；设备
the process is complicated and ordered 过程是复杂而有序的
pour sth into 把某物倒入
pass / go through 经过
cut into 切成
put sth into 把某物放入
supplements and condiments 调料和调味品
conveyor belt 传送带

                                        剑桥 15 test4 task1
     The charts shows the jobs that bachelors majoring in Anthropology choose to take
and the salaries that they earned annually after five years of working.
     First of all, we can see that full-time work was favored by slightly over half of the
graduates whereas a mere five percent furthered postgraduate study while taking up a
part-time job simultaneously. Then, the number (8%) of people choosing to be a
full-time postgraduate was the same as that of those who did not tell about where to
go after their graduation. Finally, roughly 12 to 15 individuals out of every 100 ones
were jobless or working part-time.
     Furthermore, it is noticeable that the salaries of bachelors who worked as
Freelance consultants are extremely similar to those of bachelors who worked for
Government sector. In particular, people earning less than 75,000 dollars only
accounted for 20% while those getting paid above $75,000 held a substantial share
(80%). In marked contrast to them, only 10% of the bachelors working for private
companies earned less than 50,000 dollars, and the proportions of the remaining three
salary levels were quite balanced, approximating to roughly one third.
     Overall, most graduates choose to work and those entering the municipal sector

generally earn more than their peers in the private sector.

好词佳句：
take up 从事
slightly over half of sth 一半多一点
In marked contrast to 鲜明的对比
hold a substantial share 占相当大的份额
salary levels 薪资水平
roughly 12 to 15 individuals out of every 100 ones
每 100 个人中大概有 12 到 15 个人 (12%-15% )

                                        剑桥 15 test1 task2
     In some countries, people tend to buy a house, instead of renting one. As far as I
am concerned, this lifestyle choice is entirely reasonable and there is an obviously
reason, namely that buying a house is more worthwhile than renting a house. In other
words, the former is investment while the latter is consumption and investment is the
process of accumulating wealth while consumption is just the opposite.
     For young people, leasing buildings has become a common life pattern, especially
for those who work outside the home. The company does not provide accommodation,
so they have to rent a house. There is a lot of flexibility in renting and you do not have
to pay a lot of cash all at once.
     However, there is a question worth pondering: in term of renting a house ,
although people do not need spend a large sum of money or draw on their parents’
savings for the downpayment , and also do not need a commitment of time and energy
to decorate their house, there is no capital appreciation of renting housing. Moreover,
because people do not have the ownership of the house, if they have an uneasy
relationship with their landlord or the rent levels near their position grow faster than
their income, people need to move at any time. Then, they have to clean house, sort
through drawers and clothing, and give away unwanted knickknacks as people are
moving house. Meanwhile, some people will easily feel exhausted and distressed, and
have a sense of drift because of no fixed abode. Just the opposite, if people buy a
house at a good price and the house is in a good location, they can stay there at will.
What’s more, the money paid can be converted into a successful investment and
people may one day sell the house at a higher price and earn extra income.
     Hence, it is reasonable that some people prefer a title certificate to a lease,
especially taking capital appreciation of the property into account.

好词佳句：
capital appreciation 资本增值
pay a lot of cash all at once 一次性支付大量现金
draw on their parents’ savings for the downpayment 动用父母的积蓄来支付首付
if they have an uneasy relationship with their landlord or the rent levels near their
position grow faster than their income, people need to move at any time.
如果他们与房东的关系不稳定，或者他们所在位置附近的租金水平增长快于他们
的收入增长，他们就需要随时搬家。

some people will easily feel exhausted and distressed, and have a sense of drift
because of no fixed abode.
因为没有固定的住所，人们很容易感到疲惫和沮丧，有一种漂泊的感觉。

                                        剑桥 15 test2 task2
     With the advent of information technology, the traditional media are pushed to the
corner and are struggling to survive. Being more convenient and faster , cell phones ,
personal computers, and devices that can be used to store e-books , such as kindle，are
leading us to a paperless lifestyle. Meanwhile，some people think it is irresistible that
printed newspapers or books will demise while e-books will prosper because people
can read any newspaper or book online for free. However，I have to say this opinion
sound rather absolute.
     Frankly speaking，free content and services are attractive offers but printed
newspapers or books truly does not cost too much. What’s more, there are some
advantages of printed ones that cannot be ignored. Traditional printed books have
centuries-old history and they have created one kind of emotional connection and
value for people. A book is more like a work of art and an avid reader tends to collect
their favorite books that are published in hardback. Besides, in terms of reading，
Electrical newspapers make it a much more difficult thing to have deep reading and
thorough thinking for they advocate fast and superficial reading with enormous
information, while printed ones encourage slow and deep reading with proper
amounts of exact information. Last but not least，from a health standpoint，people
more easily have sore eyes while reading e-books.
     All in all, to some degree, printed newspapers or books are still irreplaceable.
Nevertheless, there is no denying that newspapers or books online bring more
convenience to people because wherever you are—having dinner in a restaurant，
walking in a street，or waiting for your flight in an airport—just take out your cell
phone and press several buttons, then the article you want to read will be presented to
you immediately on the screen.
好词佳句：

some people think it is irresistible that printed newspapers or books will demise while
e-books will prosper because people can read any newspaper or book online for free.
有些人认为，纸质报纸或书籍的消亡是不可抗拒的，而电子书将蓬勃发展，因为
人们可以在网上免费阅读任何报纸或书籍。

Electrical newspapers make it a much more difficult thing to have deep reading and
thorough thinking for they advocate fast and superficial reading with enormous
information, while printed ones encourage slow and deep reading with proper
amounts of exact information.
电子报纸提倡快速、肤浅的阅读和大量的信息使得深入阅读和思考变得更加困
难，而印刷报纸提倡缓慢而深入的阅读和适当的准确的信息
                                        剑桥 15 test3 task2
     Today, we are affected by the advertisements everywhere. Some people think that
successful advertisements can even manage to determine people’s choice of purchase,
but others think that people have immune to them. As far as I am concerned,
advertisements are annoying and misleading, full of flowery phrases and empty
promises so that people can hardly ignore their existence.
     When we are walking on the street, we can see the ads everywhere, they are
spread by the newspaper, the radio and so on. Advertising has become increasingly
ubiquitous in our daily life. Much as we may pride ourselves on our good taste, we are
no longer free to choose the things we want, for advertising exerts a subtle influence
on us.
     Advertisements have already become the most important means for consumers to
know about a certain products. In order to attract more customers, advertisers will go
to extremes. These extremes include showing products more favorably than they
really are, using famous people to endorse their products, and making claims that are
true about their products. Advertisers focus on selling a brand image. They use
glamorous, successful people to represent their brands and encourage us to associate
certain brands with a higher social status. Due to the star effect, we are persuaded to
follow the latest trend. In some serious cases，advertisements are rendering the youth
wallowing in the illusion of sheer pleasure brought by the goods but ignoring the
harm these goods may cause.
     All in all，we are all exposed to all kinds of advertisements every day and their
effect on us cannot be denied.

好词佳句：
ubiquitous 普遍的
pride oneself on sth/ on doing sth 引以为傲
advertisements are annoying and misleading, full of flowery phrases and empty
promises so that people can hardly ignore their existence.
广告令人讨厌，具有误导性，充满华丽的短语和空洞的承诺，使人们很难忽视他
们的存在。
advertisements are rendering the youth wallowing in the illusion of sheer pleasure
brought by the goods but ignoring the harm these goods may cause.
广告使年轻人沉迷于商品所带来的纯粹快乐的幻觉中，却忽视了这些商品可能造
成的危害。

                                        剑桥 15 test4 task2
       In some countries，elders often teach the younger generations with an old saying
that where there is a will，there is a way and tell them success comes from diligence.
From my point of view, diligence can help people achieve their goal but whether
people can succeed is also affected by many other factors.
       First of all, such ideology is surely do our lives more good than harm because
except mere chance, most opportunities stem from our own attitude and mindset.
Opportunities are always around us, waiting for those with courage and enterprise to
seize them. What’s more, many of our opportunities, are the result of hard work and
perseverance. A perfect example is the Olympic athletes. Many Olympians are born
with superior physiques, but without years of rigorous training, none of them would
have realized their potential or have had the opportunity to participate in the Olympic
Games.

        However , the persuasive platitudes of hard work cannot be applied to every
trade without considering people’s talent and epiphany. A case in point : people who
are biologically endowed with lower IQ are least likely to be a famous mathematician
like Leonhard Euler, no matter how hard they try to study and practice. Likewise, a
child suffering from congenital heart disease is fated not to run as Liu Xiang does. In
this view, the encouragement and inspiration from parents or teachers are essentially a
kind of poison that will make children feel frustrated and even despairing.

       Judging from what we have discussed above, training and conditioning people
   to work hard to achieve their dreams is not a bad thing. Nevertheless, It is not
   advisable to promote the importance of efforts regardless of one's own conditions.

好词佳句：
Ideology 思想观念
persuasive platitudes 劝说性的陈词滥调
talent and epiphany 天赋和顿悟
do sb/sth more good than harm 利大于弊
A case in point 一个有说服力的例子
be biologically endowed with 天生具有
